Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Testing Engineer opportunity with InfiCare Staffing. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to rigorous data quality standards and your forward-thinking approach to modern data engineering. What interests me about working for InfiCare Staffing is its focus on high-scale data infrastructure, which intrigues me because of my passion for building resilient, error-free data pipelines. I believe my expertise in ETL testing and my proficiency in Python-based automation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on data integrity and process automation. In fact, while working at Haven Technologies, I optimized relational database queries to clean and reconcile complex insurance testing data, which improved data accuracy by 30%. This experience in reconciliation and data cleansing provided the foundation for my ability to identify and resolve defects in large-scale environments, which is directly applicable to the data quality responsibilities at InfiCare Staffing. Ultimately, I know that the Data Testing Engineer role at InfiCare Staffing would allow me to bring my deep technical SQL skills to critical data pipeline validation tasks. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my automation and stakeholder communication skills. I identified a need for better visibility and, by automating intake workflows via Zapier and building interactive Power BI dashboards, I reduced data processing time by 40% and accelerated decision-making. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in AI-assisted development and test automation in working on your mission-critical data projects. I know that my technical background and analytical rigor align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Testing Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller