Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Sales Operations Manager opportunity with Notion. I am interested in this opportunity because Notion's mission to empower individuals and teams to build tools for their life's work deeply resonates with my passion for leveraging data to drive efficiency and growth. What interests me about working for Notion is its innovative approach to unifying productivity tools with AI integration; this commitment to building a seamless and intelligent workspace excites and inspires me because I believe data analytics is fundamental to achieving this vision. I believe my expertise in data analysis and operations and my proactive, builder's mentality would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on automation and actionable insights. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Python automation for weekly sales and operations reports (ingesting POS and CRM data), eliminating repetitive data entry, saving 8 hours per week, and improving reporting accuracy for faster strategic decisions. This resulted in improved visibility and enabled quicker strategic decision-making, a direct benefit to sales leadership. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication and reporting skills. I translated complex technical findings into business recommendations during stakeholder meetings, closing the gap between raw data and growth strategy. I also built reporting and presentations using Power BI and Looker to update leadership on the state of the business. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my analytical and quantitative modeling skills in working on the AMER sales strategy and operations at Notion. I know that my experience in driving efficiency through automation and my ability to translate complex data into clear, actionable insights align with what it takes to succeed at the Sales Operations Manager role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller