hiring manager Underdog.io company address dear hiring manager i am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Underdog.io. i am interested in this opportunity because I am drawn to your mission of empowering multi-unit franchise owners with an agentic AI platform, a problem space that deeply resonates with my passion for leveraging data to drive business growth and operational efficiency. what interests me about working for Underdog.io is its approach to building an AI-native platform that addresses the fragmented and outdated tools in the franchising market excites inspires intrigues me because it aligns with my belief in the transformative power of data and AI to unlock significant business potential. i believe my expertise in building scalable data pipelines and my strong data modeling instincts would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a high ownership mindset. in fact, in the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline project, I took end-to-end ownership of building a production-grade ELT pipeline, from data ingestion via the FRED API to transformation in dbt and loading into Google BigQuery, ensuring data quality with Great Expectations and implementing CI/CD with GitHub Actions. this resulted in a robust, AI-ready dataset that reduced analyst query time and enabled advanced correlation analysis. ultimately i know that the Data Engineer role at Underdog.io would allow me to bring my experience in building scalable data pipelines to ingesting, normalizing, and enriching industry data from a wide range of sources. additionally my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my business intelligence and reporting skills. I built a comprehensive reporting system that identified inefficiencies, driving a 40% improvement in operational efficiency, and utilized analytics to inform marketing strategy, increasing leads by 40%. i’m excited by the opportunity to use my data modeling instincts in working on the data foundation that powers the platform and its AI agents at Underdog.io. i know that my experience in building production data pipelines and my strong data quality standards align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon. warm regards Justin Miller