Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Systems Analyst opportunity with Integrated Resources, Inc (IRI). I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to delivering scalable digital solutions that drive operational excellence in store development and construction. What interests me about working for IRI is its focus on integrating complex M365 and Autodesk platforms to solve real-world infrastructure challenges, which intrigues me because it aligns perfectly with my background in bridging the gap between raw data and actionable business strategy. I believe my expertise in process automation and my deep proficiency in relational data systems would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on user-centric design and workflow efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I replaced manual reporting with automated Power BI and Power Automate workflows, which directly improved organizational efficiency by 40%. This experience in translating complex technical requirements into user-friendly tools is exactly what I plan to bring to your team. Ultimately, I know that the Systems Analyst role at IRI would allow me to bring my technical automation skills to the critical task of optimizing store development workflows. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my stakeholder management skills. I frequently managed the entire lifecycle of data requests—from initial intake and scoping to UAT and final release—ensuring that all deliverables met strict business success metrics and data governance standards. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in systems documentation and data validation in working on the Power Platform suite at IRI. I know that my expertise in building robust, scalable workflows and my passion for data-driven improvement align with what it takes to succeed as a Systems Analyst. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller