Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Analyst opportunity with New York Bariatric Group. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to combining exemplary patient care with innovative systems to drive life-changing health outcomes. What interests me about working for New York Bariatric Group is its proactive approach to leveraging data-driven insights to improve patient weight loss journeys, which intrigues me because of the potential to make a tangible impact on patient health. I believe my advanced proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in developing automated data-driven business solutions would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex, multi-source raw data into clear, operational business intelligence. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was causing data bottlenecks. I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and automated intake workflows via Zapier to streamline operations. The result was a 40% reduction in data processing time and a 300% increase in customer acquisition, showing how my technical rigor directly drives revenue and operational success. Ultimately, I know that the Data Analyst role at New York Bariatric Group would allow me to bring my expertise in SQL and data modeling to help maintain the integrity of your clinical and financial reporting systems. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my skills in handling sensitive insurance data and database architecture. I collaborated with underwriting and product teams to optimize relational database queries and clean insurance testing data. The result was a 30% improvement in data accuracy, which provided the foundation for reliable, audit-ready reporting. I am excited by the opportunity to use my data storytelling skills in working on complex Revenue Cycle Management and financial projects at New York Bariatric Group. I know that my technical analytical skills and my track record of improving operational efficiency align with what it takes to succeed in the Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller