Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Science Intern (Summer 2026) opportunity with Johnson & Johnson. I am interested in this opportunity because of Johnson & Johnson’s commitment to leveraging data-driven innovation to solve complex healthcare challenges at a global scale. What interests me about working for Johnson & Johnson is its integration of advanced technology with patient-centric medicine, which inspires me to apply my technical background to meaningful, real-world outcomes. I believe my proficiency in building production-ready data pipelines and my experience in developing interactive analytics products would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career as a Data Analyst, I have approached complex data problems by focusing on scalable automation and actionable insights. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was a bottleneck, so I engineered an end-to-end automated ETL pipeline using Python and SQL to integrate disparate data sources. By implementing these reproducible workflows, I improved data accuracy and enabled the team to reallocate 8 hours per week toward high-impact lead generation, ultimately driving a 300% increase in customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Data Science Intern role at Johnson & Johnson would allow me to bring my experience in feature engineering and predictive modeling to the Global Finance Data Science team’s roadmap. Additionally, my role as a Data Analytics Fellow at COOP Careers enabled me to develop my model-building and data-storytelling skills. By analyzing a 250k+ row dataset, I utilized Python and Tableau to identify demographic patterns and deliver a data-driven presentation to stakeholders, resulting in improved decision-making for safety initiatives. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in statistical modeling and dashboarding in working on predictive analytics and decision-support experiences at Johnson & Johnson. I know that my strong foundation in Python, SQL, and Git aligns with what it takes to succeed at the Data Science Intern role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller