Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology opportunity with the New York City Department of Housing Preservation & Development. I am interested in this opportunity because of HPD’s vital mission to ensure safe, affordable housing for all New Yorkers, a goal that relies heavily on data-driven policy and strategic oversight. What interests me about working for HPD is its commitment to using performance-based indicators to refine program plans, which inspires me as a data professional who believes in the power of analytics to improve government efficiency. I believe my expertise in building scalable data pipelines and my ability to translate technical insights into actionable strategy would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing stakeholder needs and technical accessibility. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I led a project to replace manual, time-consuming reporting with automated Power BI dashboards. I collaborated with leadership to identify key metrics and developed robust data workflows that reduced processing time by 40%. This effort significantly improved the speed and accuracy of executive decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology role at HPD would allow me to bring my advanced data visualization and SQL skills to critical housing preservation initiatives. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my project management and training skills. I managed the end-to-end automation of client intake workflows, which involved drafting SOPs and training team members on new systems to ensure high-quality, consistent service delivery. By streamlining these operations, I was able to reallocate 8 hours per week toward high-value growth initiatives. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in BI tool development and SQL to support the Office of Enforcement and Neighborhood Services in its efforts to preserve community health. I know that my technical proficiency and collaborative approach align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller