Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Analyst II, Credit Risk Analytics opportunity with Affirm. I am interested in this opportunity because of Affirm’s mission to provide honest, transparent financial products that empower consumers through a 'buy now, pay later' model. What interests me about working for Affirm is its commitment to using data-driven experimentation to make credit more accessible; this approach inspires me because I am passionate about using technical analytics to solve complex, real-world financial problems. I believe my expertise in building scalable ELT/ETL data pipelines and my proficiency in statistical modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on data governance and operational efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was causing data mismatches, so I built a Python-based automation pipeline to ingest POS and CRM data. This initiative not only saved 8 hours per week but also provided the high-fidelity data foundation necessary for accurate customer segmentation, which directly fueled a 300% increase in revenue for targeted campaigns. Ultimately, I know that the Analyst II, Credit Risk Analytics role at Affirm would allow me to bring my technical rigor to the end-to-end portfolio management monitoring framework. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my collaboration and query optimization skills. While working on a 14-person team, I optimized complex relational database queries to clean and reconcile testing data, improving data accuracy by 60% and directly impacting the reliability of our product features. This experience in reconciling large-scale data and working across teams makes me confident in my ability to partner with Machine Learning and Engineering teams at Affirm to monitor and manage risk. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and SQL in working on portfolio analytics and credit risk strategy at Affirm. I know that my analytical mindset and my ability to derive actionable insights align with what it takes to succeed at the Analyst II, Credit Risk Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller