Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer -Senior - Location OPEN opportunity with EY. I am interested in this opportunity because of EY’s reputation for driving digital transformation through innovative data architecture. What interests me about working for EY is its commitment to building a better working world, which resonates with my passion for using data as a force for ethical and strategic growth. I believe my expertise in architecting complex data pipelines and my background in marketing analytics would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on translating technical data into clear, actionable business recommendations. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I led the transition to modern analytics workflows by building Python-based ELT pipelines that ingested CRM and POS data. By applying statistical modeling to segment high-value customers, I provided the empirical evidence needed to optimize digital marketing spend, which directly resulted in a 300% increase in revenue for that segment. Ultimately, I know that the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer -Senior role at EY would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in data orchestration to complex client-side marketing challenges. Additionally, my experience as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my systems thinking and enterprise-consulting skills. Working within a 14-person team, I optimized relational database queries to reconcile large-scale testing datasets, improving data accuracy by 60% and streamlining downstream reporting. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and data visualization in working on Adobe CJA implementations at EY. I know that my analytical rigor and dedication to building scalable marketing solutions align with what it takes to succeed at the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer -Senior role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller