Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Technical Business Analyst opportunity with DRUM UPSKILL. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep commitment to building reliable, scalable data systems and my desire to contribute to high-impact projects within a Fortune 100 ecosystem. What interests me about working for DRUM UPSKILL is its unique 'earn while you learn' approach, which perfectly aligns with my drive to master modern enterprise technologies while delivering immediate business value. I believe my expertise in data mapping and system integration, along with my cross-functional stakeholder management skills, would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex data problems with a solution-oriented mindset. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I was tasked with integrating data from multiple APIs and PostgreSQL databases. I took the initiative to map data requirements across the Underwriting and Product teams, translating these business needs into detailed technical user stories in Jira. This effort resulted in a 25% reduction in project delivery delays and ensured that engineers were provided with clean, well-documented schemas that streamlined development. Ultimately, I know that the Technical Business Analyst role at DRUM UPSKILL would allow me to bring my experience in API integration to support your core Interview Processing System (TIPS). Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my analytical and requirement-gathering skills. I led a critical project to automate manual workflows, where I documented complex operational data flows and implemented new system integrations that saved 8 hours of manual labor per week. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data mapping and technical documentation to work on the transition of your new call system vendor at DRUM UPSKILL. I know that my technical proficiency and cross-functional communication skills align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller