Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Manager, Data Science opportunity with Oscar Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Oscar’s reputation for building a full-stack technology platform that truly acts as a doctor in the family for its members. What interests me about working for Oscar is its unique approach to using data to personalize the member experience, which inspires me because I am passionate about leveraging technical insights to improve healthcare outcomes. I believe my expertise in predictive modeling and my strategic leadership experience would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex technical data into actionable business strategies. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I developed time-series models to identify high-value customer segments and automated reporting workflows, which enabled the marketing team to optimize spend and drove a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Manager, Data Science role at Oscar would allow me to bring my data modeling skills to lead the research, development, and maintenance of critical data pipelines and statistical models. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills within the insurance industry. I collaborated with Underwriting and Product teams to align software features with business objectives, optimizing relational database queries to clean and reconcile insurance testing data, which improved overall data accuracy by 30%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and predictive analytics in working on growth funnels and churn forecasting at Oscar. I know that my technical rigor and ability to bridge the gap between data and business strategy align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Manager, Data Science role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller