Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Institutional Research Specialist (Data Integration) - Office of Institutional Research Analysis opportunity with The City University of New York. I am interested in this opportunity because of CUNY’s longstanding commitment to providing high-quality, accessible education to the diverse communities of New York City, and I am eager to contribute my technical background to your mission of data-driven institutional excellence. What interests me about working for The City University of New York is its focus on community transformation and student success, which inspires me because I believe in the power of data to remove barriers to academic and professional achievement. I believe my expertise in end-to-end data integration and my passion for operational efficiency would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex data challenges with a focus on automation and accuracy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in manual reporting and developed an automated ETL pipeline using Power BI and Zapier, which processed large volumes of client data to improve decision-making speed by 40%. Ultimately, I know that the Institutional Research Specialist (Data Integration) role at The City University of New York would allow me to bring my technical skills in data mapping and pipeline architecture to key responsibilities like system-wide data integration. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst and Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my data governance and documentation skills. I managed the documentation of SOPs for operational workflows, which reduced onboarding time by 50% while ensuring strict consistency in data handling and service delivery. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL and data validation in working on the integration of student information systems and Learning Management Systems at CUNY. I know that my proficiency in building reliable data pipelines and my collaborative approach to stakeholder management align with what it takes to succeed at the Institutional Research Specialist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller