Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Research Analyst, Sanctions Monitoring opportunity with Kharon. I am interested in this opportunity because of Kharon’s mission to provide the world’s most powerful intelligence in the complex intersection of global security and international commerce. What interests me about working for Kharon is its commitment to operationalizing intelligence to prevent financial crimes; this approach of connecting the dots for global decision-makers intrigues me because of my own background in translating complex, messy data into high-stakes insights. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in rigorous data quality assurance would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing both speed and extreme accuracy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive dashboards to replace manual processes, which reduced data processing time by 40% and drastically increased the visibility of key performance indicators. This resulted in an accelerated, data-driven decision-making cycle for executive leadership. Ultimately, I know that the Research Analyst, Sanctions Monitoring role at Kharon would allow me to bring my data validation expertise to the crucial task of maintaining and curating your high-fidelity datasets. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my data storytelling and reporting skills. In that capacity, I performed exploratory analysis on large datasets to uncover actionable trends in customer segments, contributing to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. I am excited by the opportunity to use my ability to identify data patterns in working on monitoring new sanctions and enforcement actions at Kharon. I know that my background in building end-to-end ETL pipelines and my commitment to rigorous data integrity align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller