Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Administrative Assistant opportunity with Yale University. I am interested in this opportunity because of the Yale Library's commitment to excellence in research and education, and I am eager to contribute my administrative expertise to such a prestigious institution. What interests me about working for Yale University is its dedication to academic advancement and its collaborative community, which inspires me to apply my skills in an environment that values precision and public service. I believe my 10+ years of high-level executive support and my proactive problem-solving abilities would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on operational efficiency. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I streamlined vendor and building operations while managing complex scheduling for multiple C-suite executives. By implementing digital document management systems, I reduced retrieval time by 50% and ensured that confidential information remained secure and organized. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Administrative Assistant role at Yale University would allow me to bring my experience in high-level operational support to the daily administrative functions of the library. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my financial and policy-compliance skills. At Direct Clean Solutions, I managed CRM systems and tracked performance metrics, which required a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail when reconciling data and supporting recruitment efforts. This experience prepared me to assist with the preparation of materials for grants, contracts, and budgets as required for this position. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in cross-functional coordination and technical proficiency in working on the administrative activities at Yale. I know that my meticulous organization and commitment to confidentiality align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Administrative Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez