Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Analyst opportunity with OnePoint BFG Wealth Partners. I am interested in this opportunity because of your firm's commitment to scaling data infrastructure while maintaining high-touch, impactful service for financial advisors. What interests me about working for OnePoint BFG Wealth Partners is its focus on empowering advisors through a robust data and platform stack; this dedication to technological advancement in the wealth management space aligns perfectly with my background in engineering data-driven solutions. I believe my technical proficiency in Python and SQL and my experience in building scalable data pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing data integrity and operational efficiency. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I integrated diverse data sources including APIs and PostgreSQL databases to build unified schemas, which provided engineers with clean, reliable data structures and reduced project delivery delays by 25%. Ultimately, I know that the Data Analyst role at OnePoint BFG Wealth Partners would allow me to bring my experience in ETL pipeline development to the core of your data engineering initiatives. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my data validation and reconciliation skills. I transformed complex performance data into interactive Power BI dashboards, which involved cleaning and standardizing datasets to ensure 100% reporting accuracy, ultimately reducing processing time by 40%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data lineage and cataloging in working on the greenfield build of your firm’s data catalog at OnePoint BFG Wealth Partners. I know that my technical expertise and passion for building resilient data infrastructure align with what it takes to succeed in the Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller