Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer (Open Level) opportunity with Formation Bio. I am interested in this opportunity because of Formation Bio's mission to bridge the gap between AI innovation and patient care. What interests me about working for Formation Bio is its approach to radical efficiency in drug development; it intrigues me because of the company's unique position at the intersection of high-scale engineering and life-saving clinical research. I believe my production-grade engineering experience and my expertise in building automated, scalable data infrastructure would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by embedding myself directly within operational teams to build technical solutions that solve real-world bottlenecks. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with engineers and product stakeholders to translate user feedback into production code, which directly reduced UI bugs and drove a 15% increase in feature adoption. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer (Open Level) role at Formation Bio would allow me to bring my passion for building composable, clean software to accelerate drug development. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my early-stage, 0-to-1 environment skills. I led the end-to-end design of a business intelligence reporting system, which resulted in a 40% improvement in operational efficiency. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in deploying automated, resilient data pipelines in working on internal and user-facing tools at Formation Bio. I know that my technical versatility and collaborative mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer (Open Level) role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller