Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer - Machine Learning opportunity with Meltwater. I am interested in this opportunity because of Meltwater’s reputation for driving innovation in the Consumer Intelligence space and its commitment to fostering the data science ecosystem through MEST and Shack15. What interests me about working for Meltwater is its ambitious approach to building agentic AI assistants like MIRA, which intrigues me because of the potential to solve complex real-world problems at scale. I believe my expertise in building scalable data infrastructure and my proactive approach to engineering production-grade systems would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached technical challenges by prioritizing reliability and operational excellence. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I designed an end-to-end ELT system using Python, Airflow, and BigQuery, implementing automated validation with Great Expectations to ensure 99.9% data reliability for stakeholder reporting. This project sharpened my ability to deliver robust systems that function seamlessly in a production environment. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer - Machine Learning role at Meltwater would allow me to bring my experience in distributed data architecture to support MIRA’s generative AI capabilities. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my production-level debugging and API integration skills. During my tenure, I collaborated with engineers to synchronize data across systems, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly supported the reliability of front-end ML-adjacent features. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in software engineering to work on the multimodal semantic layer of MIRA at Meltwater. I know that my strong foundation in Python and SQL and my passion for scalable system design align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer - Machine Learning role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller