Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Pricing and Promotion Analyst Sales opportunity with pladis Global. I am interested in this opportunity because of pladis's commitment to driving category growth through data-driven commercial strategy and their iconic, global brand portfolio. What interests me about working for pladis is its reputation for operational excellence and its focus on using high-quality analytics to solve complex market challenges, which intrigues me because of my own background in automating data workflows and optimizing operational efficiency. I believe my technical proficiency in advanced data modeling and my experience translating complex analytics into clear commercial insights would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on the intersection of data accuracy and operational impact. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was hindering executive agility; I replaced these workflows by building interactive dashboards and automating data pipelines. This allowed me to translate complex performance data into insights that reduced process bottlenecks by 25% and directly informed marketing initiatives that resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Pricing and Promotion Analyst Sales role at pladis would allow me to bring my expertise in SQL, Python, and Power BI to optimize trade investment efficiency and enhance net revenue reporting. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I led efforts to bridge the gap between technical data output and business-facing decision-making by creating accessible reporting structures for diverse stakeholders. This work directly improved team efficiency and decision-making speed. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my advanced Excel and data modeling skills in working on promotion performance analysis at pladis. I know that my analytical rigor and my passion for data-driven growth align with what it takes to succeed at the Pricing and Promotion Analyst Sales role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller