Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Mission Software Engineer, Public Sector opportunity with Scale AI. I am interested in this opportunity because of Scale’s pivotal role in providing high-performance data infrastructure to critical government agencies. What interests me about working for Scale AI is its commitment to building reliable AI systems for the world's most important decisions, which inspires me because I am passionate about applying data engineering to complex, mission-driven challenges. I believe my full-stack engineering background and my expertise in building robust, production-grade data pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems as a hybrid engineer, blending technical execution with direct stakeholder collaboration. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I worked closely with product managers and engineers to translate complex user feedback into production-ready software features. This resulted in a 15% increase in feature adoption and significantly reduced UI bugs through cleaner data integration from REST APIs and relational databases. Ultimately, I know that the Mission Software Engineer, Public Sector role at Scale AI would allow me to bring my data integration skills to help Scale’s products thrive in secure government environments. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my cloud-native and automation skills. I built a comprehensive BI reporting system from the ground up, automating recurring workflows that reduced manual tasking by 30% and improved overall operational efficiency by 40%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and CI/CD automation in working on scalable backend systems at Scale AI. I know that my technical proficiency in cloud environments and my experience as a customer-facing engineer align with what it takes to succeed at the Mission Software Engineer, Public Sector role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller