Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer (Open Level) opportunity with Formation Bio. I am interested in this opportunity because of the company’s mission to fundamentally accelerate drug development by integrating AI directly into the engineering lifecycle, rather than treating it as an experimental add-on. What interests me about working for Formation Bio is its unique approach to building systems that empower non-engineers to contribute to software development; the idea of engineering, product, and domain science converging to solve critical medical bottlenecks is exactly the environment where I thrive. I believe my background in building production-grade data infrastructure and my experience collaborating directly with stakeholders would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on scalable, maintainable architecture. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I translated complex business feedback from stakeholders into clean, production-ready code, which improved data accuracy across systems by 60% and directly supported front-end feature development. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer role at Formation Bio would allow me to bring my expertise in production software design to support clinical and operational teams. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my ability to bridge technical and non-technical gaps. I built a business intelligence reporting system that identified inefficiencies and drove a 40% improvement in operational throughput, demonstrating my ability to turn messy, real-world data into actionable strategy. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and cloud infrastructure in working on production systems that bring new treatments to patients at Formation Bio. I know that my technical foundation and my passion for cross-functional problem-solving align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller