Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Pricing and Promotion Analyst Sales opportunity with pladis Global. I am interested in this opportunity because of pladis's commitment to data-driven commercial excellence and its iconic global portfolio, which presents the perfect environment to apply my technical background in data analytics to drive profitable growth. What interests me about working for pladis is its approach to balancing tradition with innovation, which inspires me because I am passionate about using modern data tools to optimize legacy business processes. I believe my expertise in large-scale data management and my proficiency in advanced analytics would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on the intersection of technical automation and business strategy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in manual reporting and developed interactive Power BI dashboards and automated workflows that reduced processing time by 40%. Ultimately, I know that the Pricing and Promotion Analyst Sales role at pladis Global would allow me to bring my data visualization and dashboarding skills to the core of your commercial performance reporting. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. By partnering with different teams to align technical outputs with business objectives, I was able to drive a 300% increase in new customer acquisition through data-informed segmentation. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my analytical and data management skills in working on trade promotion planning and investment ROI at pladis Global. I know that my technical fluency in SQL and Python and my commitment to data-driven decision-making align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller