Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer, Production Engineering opportunity with Ramp. I am interested in this opportunity because of Ramp's commitment to building the high-stakes, reliable infrastructure that modern finance teams depend on. What interests me about working for Ramp is its philosophy of 'one team, one objective' and its focus on being embedded in complex, real-world problems, which aligns perfectly with my desire to build systems that scale. I believe my background in building robust, production-grade data infrastructure and my ability to solve complex technical problems would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on ownership and systemic improvement. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate user needs into production code, successfully identifying data synchronization issues that improved overall system accuracy by 60%. This experience required me to take ownership of end-to-end data quality, ensuring that our infrastructure could reliably support front-end feature development. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer, Production Engineering role at Ramp would allow me to bring my deep expertise in cloud-based ELT pipelines and automated testing to support your move to a cellular architecture. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my observability and automation skills. I audited recurring business operations and implemented automated monitoring workflows that tracked KPIs, resulting in a 40% improvement in operational efficiency and a 30% reduction in manual technical debt. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in distributed systems and cloud infrastructure to work on the next level of scale at Ramp. I know that my proficiency in Python, SQL, and cloud-native architecture aligns with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer, Production Engineering role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller