Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Platform Engineer opportunity with Versana. I am interested in this opportunity because of Versana's mission to drive transparency and efficiency in the syndicated loan market, a sector where high-quality, real-time data is paramount. What interests me about working for Versana is its commitment to modernizing financial infrastructure, which intrigues me because of my own background in optimizing complex data pipelines and building scalable models for high-stakes environments. I believe my expertise in advanced data modeling and my commitment to data quality and observability would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing structural reliability and operational efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our reporting, which led me to replace manual workflows with automated Power BI dashboards. By implementing a more robust data structure, I was able to reduce data processing time by 40% and accelerate executive decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Data Platform Engineer role at Versana would allow me to bring my proficiency in SQL and ETL engineering to build durable data lakes and semantic layers. Additionally, my role as a Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my CI/CD and cross-functional collaboration skills. By collaborating with Underwriting and Product teams to optimize relational database queries and automate deployment via Git, I reduced project delivery delays by 25%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my experience in Python and cloud-based data architecture in working on the lakehouse medallion architecture at Versana. I know that my technical versatility and analytical rigor align with what it takes to succeed in the Data Platform Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller