Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Analytics Engineer opportunity with Alaffia Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Alaffia’s mission to reduce administrative waste and improve healthcare affordability through transparent AI. What interests me about working for Alaffia is its commitment to solving the systemic inefficiencies in U.S. healthcare, which resonates with my own background in building data systems that drive operational clarity. I believe my expertise in complex SQL and ETL pipeline development, and my commitment to data governance, would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on translating raw, unstructured data into actionable business intelligence. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a need for better data visibility and engineered a transition from manual reporting to an automated Power BI environment, which reduced processing time by 40% and directly supported a 300% increase in customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Analytics Engineer role at Alaffia would allow me to bring my dimensional modeling expertise to build the foundational data layers necessary for high-growth decision-making. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my SOP documentation and data quality skills. I established new documentation standards for operational workflows, which reduced new-hire onboarding time by 50% and ensured consistent data-driven service delivery across the organization. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python-driven data engineering in working on the analytics engine at Alaffia. I know that my technical rigor in SQL/ETL design and my collaborative mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Analytics Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller