Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with the platform. I am interested in this opportunity because the prospect of building an agentic AI platform to solve the fragmented data landscape of the franchise industry aligns perfectly with my background in data engineering and my passion for building AI-ready infrastructure. What interests me about working for your company is its innovative approach to automating the franchise lifecycle; the ambition to create a data-driven competitive moat through AI agents deeply intrigues me because of my experience in transforming raw, complex data into actionable, automated workflows. I believe my proficiency in building end-to-end ELT pipelines and my experience in data-centric feature engineering would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on high-ownership and scalability. In fact, while building an economic batch pipeline for FRED data, I architected a dbt-based star schema in BigQuery and integrated Great Expectations to automate data quality validation, which significantly reduced query times for stakeholders. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role would allow me to bring my expertise in data modeling and automated pipelines to build the foundational architecture that powers your AI agents. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my skills in translating user feedback into production-grade systems. I collaborated with engineers to extract data from REST APIs, reducing UI bugs and improving data accuracy by 60%, providing me the foundation to build end-to-end features and frontend experiences as described in your requirements. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and cloud-native data architecture to work on the industry knowledge graph at your company. I know that my technical rigor in data quality and my bias for action align with what it takes to succeed as a Data Engineer. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller