Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the First Line Risk Data Analyst/Manager opportunity with Early Warning. I am interested in this opportunity because Early Warning's commitment to powering and protecting the U.S. financial system with cutting-edge solutions like Zelle® and Paze℠ deeply resonates with my passion for leveraging data to enhance security and efficiency. What interests me about working for Early Warning is its innovative approach to financial services excites inspires intrigues me because I am eager to contribute my analytical and automation skills to an organization that is at the forefront of financial technology and risk management. I believe my proficiency in data visualization and automation, and my experience in translating complex data into actionable insights would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on efficiency and data-driven decision-making. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual written reporting, significantly reducing data mismatches and improving work efficiency by 40%. This resulted in a consistent 'single source of truth' for all business stakeholders and a reduction in report discrepancies, showcasing my ability to create robust reporting solutions. Ultimately, I know that the First Line Risk Data Analyst/Manager role at Early Warning would allow me to bring my expertise in building automated reporting solutions to the critical task of enhancing the visibility and management of risk across the organization. Additionally, my experience as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my data modeling and query optimization skills. I optimized relational database queries to clean and reconcile testing data, improving data accuracy by 60% and integrating multiple datasets to support more robust downstream analytics and reporting, demonstrating my capability to build foundational data infrastructure. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my Python and SQL automation skills in working on identifying opportunities to streamline manual reporting processes and developing executive-level dashboards at Early Warning. I know that my experience with data visualization tools like Power BI and Tableau, and my proven ability to automate processes align with what it takes to succeed in the First Line Risk Data Analyst/Manager role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller