hiring manager City of New York company address dear hiring manager i am excited to submit my application for the HR Analytics Summer Intern opportunity with City of New York. i am interested in this opportunity because my passion for leveraging data analytics to drive informed decision-making aligns perfectly with your team's focus on enhancing HR analytics capabilities. what interests me about working for City of New York is its commitment to public service and improving the lives of its citizens through data-driven insights excites inspires intrigues me because it represents a unique opportunity to apply my technical skills to impactful public sector initiatives. i believe my proficiency in Power BI and Tableau and my strong analytical and problem-solving skills would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a data-first mindset. in fact at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual written reporting, reducing data mismatches and improving work efficiency by 40%. this initiative directly supports the creation of dashboards and reports for key HR metrics. ultimately i know that the HR Analytics Summer Intern role at City of New York would allow me to bring my data visualization skills to supporting the creation of dashboards and reports for key HR metrics. additionally my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my communication skills. I translated complex technical findings into business recommendations during stakeholder meetings to close the gap between raw data and growth strategy, showcasing my ability to translate technical topics for a non-technical audience, which is crucial for creating internal training materials. i’m excited by the opportunity to use my analytical and problem-solving skills in working on analyzing trends and patterns in HR data at City of New York. I also possess a strong interest in the intersection of HR, data analytics, and AI technologies, and am eager to research best practices for AI in recruitment. I know that my analytical and problem-solving skills and my data visualization expertise align with what it takes to succeed at the HR Analytics Summer Intern role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon. warm regards Justin Miller