Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq opportunity with JetBlue. I am interested in this opportunity because of JetBlue’s industry-leading commitment to customer experience and the unique value proposition of your co-branded loyalty products. What interests me about working for JetBlue is its distinct "human-first" culture and focus on safety, which inspires me because it aligns with my professional commitment to integrity and meticulous data-driven decision-making. I believe my expertise in marketing analytics and my proficiency in quantitative financial modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw performance data into actionable business strategy. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I developed time-series models to identify high-value customer segments and utilized A/B testing frameworks to refine marketing outreach, which contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq role at JetBlue would allow me to bring my skills in data-driven campaign optimization to support your acquisition targets. Additionally, my experience in cross-functional collaboration at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my matrix-organization navigation skills. I successfully bridged the gap between Underwriting and Product teams to align software features with business objectives, reducing project delivery delays by 25%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and ROI analysis to optimize co-brand acquisition channels at JetBlue. I know that my analytical rigor and strategic mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller