Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Analyst/ Senior Data Analyst (Statistics/Python/BI) (Bangkok-based, relocation provided) opportunity with Agoda. I am interested in this opportunity because of Agoda’s reputation as a data-driven leader in the global travel industry, where technology is at the heart of every decision. What interests me about working for Agoda is its dynamic, international environment and commitment to building the best travel experiences, which aligns perfectly with my professional passion for leveraging data to solve complex user-experience challenges. I believe my expertise in advanced statistical modeling and my proficiency in building automated, end-to-end data pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw technical findings into strategic growth opportunities. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed statistical models to identify high-value customer segments, which allowed us to target our marketing spend effectively. This resulted in a 300% increase in revenue within the targeted segment over 12 months, demonstrating my ability to tie data analysis directly to business impact. Ultimately, I know that the Data Analyst role at Agoda would allow me to bring my advanced SQL and Python skills to direct the Content department’s strategic focus and improve conversion. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my data governance and visualization skills. I successfully standardized organizational KPIs and created interactive Power BI dashboards that reduced report discrepancies and improved decision-making speed by 40% across cross-functional teams. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in web-analytics and experimentation to work on optimizing content performance at Agoda. I know that my technical versatility and results-oriented approach align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller