Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Science & Strategic Insights – Fixed Income Financing opportunity with Barclays. I am interested in this opportunity because of Barclays' commitment to redefining the future of banking through analytical rigor and market-leading financial solutions. What interests me about working for Barclays is its proactive approach to capital and financing markets, which intrigues me because it aligns perfectly with my drive to extract strategic value from large-scale, complex datasets. I believe my background in hypothesis-driven data modeling and my ability to communicate complex insights to executive leadership would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems through a lens of rigorous inquiry and operational efficiency. In fact, while analyzing a 2M+ row loan portfolio, I identified critical default risk segments by building end-to-end ETL pipelines and performing deep-dive exploratory data analysis. This resulted in the development of a high-value segmentation model that directly informed risk mitigation strategies. Ultimately, I know that the Data Science & Strategic Insights – Fixed Income Financing role at Barclays would allow me to bring my proficiency in Python and SQL to bear on the firm’s most critical financing challenges. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication and cross-functional collaboration skills. I spearheaded the transition to automated Power BI dashboards, which improved KPI visibility for executive decision-makers and reduced data processing time by 40%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my data storytelling capabilities in working on capital-intensive financing strategies at Barclays. I know that my expertise in building robust data architectures and my commitment to rigorous controls align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Science & Strategic Insights – Fixed Income Financing role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller