Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Research and Policy Analyst opportunity with the New York County District Attorney's Office. I am interested in this opportunity because of the Office's commitment to 'Moving Justice Forward' through data-driven transparency and evidence-based policy. What interests me about working for the DA's Office is its dedication to balancing public safety with fair administration of justice, which inspires me because I am passionate about using technical rigor to address complex societal issues. I believe my proficiency in SQL and Snowflake and my experience in quantitative research would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw data into meaningful operational strategy. In fact, during my work with Shine Masters, I identified a need to move away from manual reporting and developed automated Power BI dashboards that streamlined our data pipelines and informed high-value customer segmentation strategies, which led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Research and Policy Analyst role at the New York County District Attorney's Office would allow me to bring my data-modeling skills to monitor key Office performance indicators. Additionally, my role as a Data Analytics Fellow at COOP Careers enabled me to develop my data storytelling skills. In my project analyzing 250k+ NYPD arrest records, I applied rigorous quantitative methods to identify demographic and geographic patterns, subsequently delivering a presentation to stakeholders that translated statistical insights into actionable recommendations for city safety initiatives. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and R in working on new prosecutorial strategies and diversion programs at the DA's Office. I know that my analytical expertise and commitment to evidence-based research align with what it takes to succeed at the Research and Policy Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller