Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Business Intelligence Analyst opportunity with Faire. I am interested in this opportunity because of Faire’s commitment to empowering local entrepreneurs through data-driven insights and technology. What interests me about working for Faire is your unique approach to building a wholesale marketplace that bridges the gap between fragmented local retailers and global suppliers; your mission to level the playing field for small businesses resonates deeply with my own professional values. I believe my expertise in complex data modeling and my proficiency in building automated, scalable ETL workflows would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing efficiency and technical precision. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our reporting, which led me to replace manual processes with an automated, end-to-end data pipeline. By integrating disparate data sources and creating a unified schema, I was able to improve KPI visibility and reduce data processing time by 40%, directly enabling executive leadership to make faster, more informed decisions. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Business Intelligence Analyst role at Faire would allow me to bring my data engineering and modeling skillset to the complex financial reporting challenges you face. Additionally, my experience as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my skills in large-scale data processing and financial data reconciliation. In this role, I optimized relational database queries to clean complex insurance datasets, which improved data accuracy by 30% and significantly streamlined the work for our underwriting and product teams. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL and data strategy in working on the financial data infrastructure at Faire. I know that my analytical mindset and technical versatility align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Business Intelligence Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller