Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Internal Audit - New York - Associate, Data Analytics - 3765660 opportunity with Goldman Sachs. I am interested in this opportunity because of the firm's industry-leading commitment to data-driven risk management and operational excellence. What interests me about working for Goldman Sachs is its sophisticated approach to integrating advanced analytics into core business functions, which inspires me because I am passionate about applying rigorous data modeling to solve complex financial challenges. I believe my expertise in end-to-end ETL development and my proficiency in statistical analysis would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw data into actionable, high-impact strategies. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed time series models and automated workflows that led to a 300% increase in customer acquisition and significant efficiency gains. Ultimately, I know that the Internal Audit - New York - Associate, Data Analytics role at Goldman Sachs would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in Python and SQL to facilitate strategic data sourcing and drive complex project delivery. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my engineering and code-quality skills. I collaborated with cross-functional departments to clean and reconcile insurance testing data, which improved data accuracy by 30% and provided engineers with reliable datasets. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data modeling and visualization in working on risk assessment and continuous monitoring at Goldman Sachs. I know that my strong technical foundation and my results-oriented mindset align with what it takes to succeed in the Internal Audit - New York - Associate, Data Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller