Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Project Employee, Data Intelligence Analyst opportunity with the National Basketball Association (NBA). I am interested in this opportunity because I am a lifelong admirer of how the NBA leverages its global platform to connect millions of fans through digital storytelling and data-driven innovation. What interests me about working for the NBA is its approach to scaling its digital presence to over 2.3 billion followers; this excites me because I am passionate about turning complex fan engagement data into narratives that drive meaningful business growth. I believe my expertise in building automated data pipelines and my strong background in data storytelling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing data integrity to ensure stakeholders have a reliable single source of truth. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our reporting, which led me to build automated Power BI dashboards and refine our data tracking workflows. This project resulted in a 40% reduction in data processing time and allowed our leadership to make faster, more informed decisions on customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Project Employee, Data Intelligence Analyst role at the NBA would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Python to streamline data pipelines and support the media and commercial teams. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I frequently partnered with marketing and operations stakeholders to define core KPIs, ensuring that my data models directly supported our business objectives. By cleaning and standardizing our data schemas, I improved team efficiency by 25%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in marketing analytics and data visualization in working on fan engagement and performance measurement at the NBA. I know that my analytical rigor and communication skills align with what it takes to succeed at the Project Employee, Data Intelligence Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller