Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Data Scientist opportunity with Oscar Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Oscar’s mission to humanize the health insurance experience through a full-stack, technology-first approach. What interests me about working for Oscar is its focus on building member-centric tools that act like a doctor in the family; this vision intrigues me because it mirrors my own commitment to using data to solve complex, high-impact human problems. I believe my expertise in developing scalable data pipelines and my background in predictive statistical modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating messy, raw data into actionable business intelligence. In fact, while working at Shine Masters, I developed a time-series model to identify high-value customer segments and automated reporting workflows, which directly informed our marketing strategy. This led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months, a result that demonstrates my ability to connect analytical outputs to tangible business growth. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Data Scientist role at Oscar Health would allow me to bring my experience in building robust data infrastructure to the development of advanced ML models and LLM frameworks. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration and insurance domain knowledge. I collaborated with underwriting, product, and UI/UX teams to reconcile insurance testing data, which improved data accuracy by 30% and significantly reduced project delivery delays. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in statistical analysis and software engineering in working on member-facing support systems at Oscar Health. I know that my technical proficiency in SQL, Python, and R and my experience in cross-functional product development align with what it takes to succeed in the Senior Data Scientist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller