Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with the company. I am interested in this opportunity because of the company’s mission to modernize the fragmented franchising industry through an agentic AI platform. What interests me about working for the company is its AI-native approach to solving real-world business challenges; it excites me because I am passionate about bridging the gap between raw, messy industry data and intelligent, actionable product features. I believe my expertise in building scalable ELT pipelines and my strong data modeling instincts would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a full-stack ownership mindset, ensuring that data is not just collected, but effectively utilized for business outcomes. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I designed a star-schema architecture using dbt and automated quality validation with Great Expectations, which directly reduced query latency and ensured data reliability for downstream Power BI reporting. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at the company would allow me to bring my experience in production-grade data orchestration to build the foundation for your AI agents. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I worked closely with product stakeholders to synchronize data across REST APIs and relational databases, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly accelerated feature adoption. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in both software engineering and data pipelines to build the infrastructure that makes industry data AI-ready at the company. I know that my proficiency in the modern data stack and my bias for action align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller