Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the FX Business Analyst opportunity with Brown Brothers Harriman. I am interested in this opportunity because of BBH’s 200-year legacy of excellence and its reputation as a thought leader in the foreign exchange industry. What interests me about working for Brown Brothers Harriman is its unique commitment to a partnership-based approach to business, which inspires me because I thrive in collaborative environments where technical solutions drive long-term client success. I believe my expertise in Python-based automation and my background in complex financial data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career, I have approached problems by translating complex, raw datasets into clear, actionable business intelligence. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with Underwriting and Product teams to optimize relational database queries and integrate data from multiple sources, which reduced project delivery delays by 25%. This experience directly translates to the FX Business Analyst role, as it required me to maintain high data integrity while working under tight timelines to support key stakeholders. Ultimately, I know that the FX Business Analyst role at Brown Brothers Harriman would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Python to streamline complex regulatory and client reporting initiatives. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my ability to present technical insights to executive teams. I designed interactive Power BI dashboards that replaced manual processes, reducing data processing time by 40% and accelerating strategic decision-making. These skills in automation and dashboarding will be instrumental as I assist the FX team in refining their management and regulatory reporting flows. I am excited by the opportunity to use my quantitative analytical skills in working on the Foreign Exchange Trading Group's data projects at Brown Brothers Harriman. I know that my background in ETL pipeline development and cross-functional problem-solving aligns with what it takes to succeed as an FX Business Analyst. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller