Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Analyst opportunity with AARATECH. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep passion for optimizing e-commerce performance through data-driven insights and technical precision. What interests me about working for AARATECH is its mission to improve operational efficiency through innovative, technology-driven solutions; this excites me because it aligns perfectly with my background in automating complex operational workflows and leveraging analytics to drive business growth. I believe my proficiency in SQL/Python-based data modeling and my experience in cross-functional requirements gathering would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex performance metrics into actionable business strategies. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a need for better visibility and spearheaded the development of automated Power BI dashboards and Zapier-integrated workflows. These initiatives saved 8 hours per week in manual processing and provided clear insights that allowed our team to optimize catalog and pricing strategies, ultimately resulting in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. I know that the Business Analyst role at AARATECH would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to support your catalog and order management enhancements. Additionally, my role as a Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my technical documentation and user story writing skills. While collaborating with Underwriting and Product teams, I authored JIRA tickets and managed project documentation that streamlined development and reduced delivery delays by 25%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my data analysis skills in working on customer journey optimization at AARATECH. I know that my technical background and ability to bridge the gap between development and business goals align with what it takes to succeed in the Business Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller