Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Analyst, Worldwide Grocery Stores (WWGS) opportunity with Amazon.com. I am interested in this opportunity because of Amazon's unparalleled commitment to utilizing complex data ecosystems to optimize global supply chain operations. What interests me about working for Amazon is its innovative, customer-obsessed approach to leveraging AI to solve intricate logistical challenges, which inspires me to apply my own technical background in building scalable data solutions. I believe my proficiency in architecting automated ETL pipelines and my deep experience in SQL and data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex technical requirements into strategic business intelligence. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a need for a centralized 'single source of truth' and architected a new data governance framework and reporting workflow that reduced data mismatches by 40%. Ultimately, I know that the Business Analyst role at Amazon would allow me to bring my expertise in SQL and data modeling to your team's supply chain analytical capabilities. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my data migration and cloud architecture skills. I successfully led the transition from manual, legacy reporting processes to automated cloud-based dashboards, resulting in an 8-hour weekly reduction in manual data entry and a 300% increase in revenue within targeted customer segments. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to bridge technical data requirements with strategic business goals in working on supply chain intelligence at Amazon. I know that my SQL expertise and proven record of delivering actionable, data-driven recommendations align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller