Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Engineer, CreativeX Advertising Finance opportunity with Amazon.com. I am interested in this opportunity because of Amazon’s pioneering work in Gen AI and its ability to turn massive, complex advertising datasets into real-world innovations. What interests me about working for Amazon is its long-term vision and 'Day 1' culture, which inspires me because it encourages bold, data-driven experimentation. I believe my expertise in architecting automated data pipelines and my ability to translate complex analytics into actionable business strategy would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on automating manual inefficiencies and building a 'single source of truth' for stakeholders. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a gap in data reporting that caused mismatches in marketing spend. I built a Python-based automation pipeline that ingested POS and CRM data, which resulted in a 300% revenue increase in targeted customer segments and saved the team 8 hours of manual work per week. This experience directly translates to the need for scalable infrastructure and performance monitoring required for Amazon’s Advertising initiatives. Ultimately, I know that the Business Intelligence Engineer, CreativeX Advertising Finance role at Amazon would allow me to bring my data engineering skills to drive meaningful insights for your Gen AI products. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my cloud-database skills. During a critical project, I optimized relational database queries using window functions and CTEs to clean testing data, improving data accuracy by 60% for a 14-person team. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and SQL in working on large-scale data systems at Amazon. I know that my technical versatility and analytical mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Intelligence Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller