Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Reliability Engineer II opportunity with DoubleVerify. I am interested in this opportunity because of DoubleVerify’s leadership in media measurement and your commitment to high-performance data transparency. What interests me about working for DoubleVerify is your focus on impression quality and the challenge of managing massive data ecosystems, which inspires me because I am passionate about building the infrastructure that drives strategic decision-making. I believe my expertise in production-grade ELT pipeline development and my ability to troubleshoot complex, large-scale systems would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on data integrity and automation. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I architected a comprehensive data governance framework and automated weekly reporting pipelines that saved 8 hours per week and increased reporting accuracy. This resulted in a 'single source of truth' that reduced data mismatches by 40% and enabled faster, data-backed strategic pivots. Ultimately, I know that the Data Reliability Engineer II role at DoubleVerify would allow me to bring my SQL and Python scripting expertise to maintain and improve your critical data pipelines. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my Linux and database optimization skills. During a high-stakes project, I optimized relational database queries (CTEs and window functions) and managed collaborative codebases in Linux-based environments, which improved overall data accuracy by 60% and reduced software delivery delays by 25%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my proactive troubleshooting skills in working on the Data Operations Team at DoubleVerify. I know that my background in pipeline reliability and cross-functional technical collaboration aligns with what it takes to succeed in the Data Reliability Engineer II role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller