Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Systems Analyst 1 opportunity with IQVIA. I am interested in this opportunity because of IQVIA’s mission to drive global healthcare intelligence through innovative technology. What interests me about working for IQVIA is its commitment to improving patient outcomes through data, which resonates with my background in transforming raw data into actionable business intelligence. I believe my proficiency in technical system analysis and my experience in stakeholder communication would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on cross-functional alignment and system efficiency. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a major gap in reporting workflows; I collaborated with business stakeholders to standardize KPIs and implement a new, automated data governance framework. This resulted in a 'single source of truth' that reduced report discrepancies and streamlined decision-making for our leadership team. Ultimately, I know that the Business Systems Analyst 1 role at IQVIA would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to support your critical business systems. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my technical documentation skills. I consistently translated complex Python and SQL workflows into accessible business recommendations for non-technical partners, ensuring that our system enhancements were well-understood and adopted by end-users. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues to support the development of your white-labeled applications. I know that my proficiency in data modeling and my commitment to clear, professional communication align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I am fully available to work during Eastern Time hours and look forward to the opportunity to discuss my qualifications further. Thank you for your time and consideration. Warm regards, Justin Miller