Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Artifact Expert — Data Analyst opportunity with Mercor. I am interested in this opportunity because of Mercor's unique position at the intersection of AI innovation and high-level talent placement. What interests me about working for Mercor is its focus on elite creative and technical output, which intrigues me because I thrive in environments that prioritize analytical rigor and high-quality deliverables. I believe my expertise in production-grade data engineering and my experience in communicating complex insights to stakeholders would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by balancing technical depth with clear, narrative-driven communication. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a need for more robust reporting, so I developed a new suite of Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual processes. The result was a 40% improvement in work efficiency and a newfound ability to provide stakeholders with a 'single source of truth' for business strategy. Ultimately, I know that the Artifact Expert — Data Analyst role at Mercor would allow me to bring my proficiency in creating and annotating high-quality analytics artifacts to your core review process. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my remote-first and asynchronous collaboration skills. I consistently managed weekly sales and operations reporting independently, using Python to automate data ingestion and quality checks, which eliminated repetitive entry and saved 8 hours per week. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL, Python, and statistical modeling in working on your ad-hoc analyses and insight decks at Mercor. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to documentation align with what it takes to succeed at the Artifact Expert role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller