Hiring Manager, Starr, New York, NY. Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Operations Analyst opportunity with Starr. I am interested in this opportunity because of Starr’s reputation as a global leader in commercial insurance and its commitment to empowering employees to innovate through a collaborative, entrepreneurial culture. What interests me about working for Starr is its long-standing legacy of excellence and its investment in developing internal talent, which inspires me to apply my analytical background to help drive real progress within your profit center. I believe my advanced data modeling and automation skills and my proven track record in cross-functional stakeholder collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on long-term process optimization and data-driven efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a major inefficiency in manual reporting and developed automated Power BI and Looker workflows to replace fragmented processes. This initiative eliminated repetitive data entry, saved 8 hours per week, and provided a consistent 'single source of truth' for stakeholders, directly supporting faster, more informed strategic decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Operations Analyst role at Starr would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Python to streamline complex operational workflows. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my process mapping and system-design skills. I regularly conducted deep-dive investigations into operational bottlenecks, mapping out end-to-end data flows to implement solutions that reduced reporting discrepancies by 40%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my problem-solving skills in working on system enhancements and process improvements at Starr. I know that my technical expertise and business-centric communication align with what it takes to succeed in the Operations Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller