Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Engineer, CreativeX Advertising Finance opportunity with Amazon.com. I am interested in this opportunity because of Amazon’s pioneering role in the Gen AI space and its ability to derive meaningful insights from the world’s largest eCommerce datasets. What interests me about working for Amazon is its obsession with customer-centric innovation, which inspires me to solve complex, large-scale data challenges. I believe my advanced proficiency in ETL pipeline development and my expertise in data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing automation and scalable data architecture. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was hindering decision speed; I designed and implemented automated Power BI pipelines and refreshed workflows, which reduced data processing time by 40%. This directly resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition through data-driven marketing segmentation. Ultimately, I know that the Business Intelligence Engineer role at Amazon would allow me to bring my data engineering and pipeline automation skills to the critical task of developing performance-monitoring metrics. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my robust SQL and relational database skills. I collaborated with underwriting and product teams to optimize complex relational queries and window functions, improving data accuracy by 30% and significantly reducing project delivery delays. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and cloud-based data warehousing in working on the Advertising Gen AI business at Amazon. I know that my technical versatility and analytical mindset align with what it takes to succeed in the Business Intelligence Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller