Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist opportunity with Figma. I am interested in this opportunity because of Figma's commitment to building collaborative design tools that empower global teams, and I am drawn to your culture of 'growing as you go.' What interests me about working for Figma is its innovative approach to real-time collaboration and AI integration, which excites me because of the massive potential to use data to enhance the creative workflow. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL/Python and my experience in cross-functional data storytelling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into clear, actionable business insights. In fact, at Shine Masters, I designed a suite of interactive dashboards and automated workflows that allowed our leadership to move away from manual reporting; this resulted in a 40% reduction in processing time and empowered the team to reallocate resources toward high-growth marketing initiatives. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist role at Figma would allow me to bring my analytical modeling skills to key responsibilities like optimizing product-led growth. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst and Operations Lead enabled me to develop my experimentation and forecasting skills. For instance, I created time series models to identify high-value customer segments, which directly informed our marketing strategy and led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in building end-to-end data pipelines to work on complex product-level projects at Figma. I know that my expertise in SQL/Python and my passion for data democratization align with what it takes to succeed in the Data Scientist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller