Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer II opportunity with RWJBarnabas Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to high-quality academic medicine and the essential role data plays in driving clinical research and patient outcomes. What interests me about working for RWJBarnabas Health is your focus on addressing both clinical and social determinants of health, which inspires me because I am passionate about using data engineering to create tangible, positive impacts in community health. I believe my advanced proficiency in building production-grade ELT pipelines and my commitment to rigorous data quality standards would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing scalability and auditability in data workflows. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I translated complex stakeholder requirements into structured datasets from REST APIs, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly supported critical feature development. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer II role at RWJBarnabas Health would allow me to bring my experience with SQL, Python, and cloud-based data architecture to create high-value assets within the Epic Cosmos environment. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my interpersonal and stakeholder-facing skills. During this time, I automated complex operational reporting workflows that reduced manual task time by 30% and improved overall operational efficiency by 40% by consistently listening to user needs and iterating on my designs. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my data modeling and integration skills to support the research and data science team at RWJBarnabas Health. I know that my expertise in ETL pipeline design and my dedication to detail-oriented documentation align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller