Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant opportunity with CNA Insurance. I am interested in this opportunity because of CNA's reputation for empowering employees to reach their fullest potential while providing critical support to high-level leadership. What interests me about working for CNA is its commitment to creating a culture where employees feel they are part of something important; this mission-driven approach to corporate excellence inspires me because it aligns with my personal philosophy of proactive, dedicated service. I believe my tenured expertise in C-level support and my meticulous approach to executive operations would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive mindset, identifying potential bottlenecks before they impact executive productivity. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I recognized the need for improved data management and implemented an automated reporting system that cross-referenced CRM data with weekly performance metrics. This resulted in a significant increase in data accuracy and saved the executive team hours of manual review time each week. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant role at CNA would allow me to bring my high-level calendar management skills to coordinate complex global schedules for your Claims Leaders. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my mentorship and process-improvement skills. At Apex Supply Co., I took on the initiative to train junior staff on a newly implemented digital document management system, which reduced document retrieval time by 50% for the entire department. I am excited by the opportunity to use my ability to manage sensitive, confidential information in working on high-visibility projects at CNA. I know that my strategic calendar management and proactive problem-solving align with what it takes to succeed in the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez