Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant opportunity with S&P Global. I am interested in this opportunity because of S&P Global’s commitment to advancing essential intelligence and providing the critical insights that drive global markets. What interests me about working for S&P Global is its focus on Integrity, Discovery, and Partnership, which inspires me because it aligns with my professional philosophy of delivering high-quality, reliable support that empowers leadership teams to make decisive actions. I believe my 10+ years of C-suite administrative expertise and my proficiency in managing complex, global operational workflows would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive, anticipatory mindset. In fact, while supporting the C-suite at Direct Clean Solutions, I identified that executive travel and meeting scheduling were causing communication gaps; I implemented a new digital tracking system and utilized AI-scheduling tools to automate coordination. This resulted in a 25% reduction in scheduling conflicts and provided the leadership team with more time to focus on strategic business development. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant role at S&P Global would allow me to bring my high-level calendar management and logistical expertise to support the Head of CERA Research and Advisory. Additionally, my role as an Executive Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my cross-functional coordination skills. I regularly facilitated communication between finance, marketing, and external vendors, ensuring that sensitive projects remained on schedule. This experience fostered a high level of discretion and maturity, which I am eager to apply to the fast-paced, matrixed environment at S&P Global. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my strategic problem-solving skills in working on high-level executive meetings and local Energy engagement initiatives at S&P Global. I know that my administrative precision and collaborative approach align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez