hiring manager Jobs via Dice company address dear hiring manager i am excited to submit my application for the DATA ANALYST opportunity with Jobs via Dice. i am interested in this opportunity because AaraTech Inc's focus on supporting healthcare reporting, analytics, and data quality initiatives directly aligns with my passion for leveraging data to drive critical business decisions. what interests me about working for AaraTech Inc is its commitment to providing hands-on healthcare analytics experience and career growth opportunities, which excites me because I am eager to deepen my expertise within the healthcare domain. i believe my strong proficiency in SQL and my experience with BI tools like Tableau and Power BI would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a focus on data integrity and actionable insights. in fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual reporting, which reduced data mismatches and improved work efficiency by 40%. [share r of star story to showcase the impact result that can be connected to this role.] ultimately i know that the DATA ANALYST role at Jobs via Dice would allow me to bring my data cleaning and advanced Excel skills to creating and maintaining reports and dashboards. additionally my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my data validation and KPI tracking skills. I built Python automation for weekly reports, saving 8 hours per week and improving accuracy, and standardized organizational KPIs and data governance frameworks to ensure a consistent "single source of truth." i’m excited by the opportunity to use my analytical skills in working on data quality initiatives at AaraTech Inc. i know that my SQL skills and my experience with Tableau and Power BI align with what it takes to succeed at the DATA ANALYST role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon. warm regards Justin Miller