Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Data Analyst (Marketing Analytics, Bangkok Based, Relocation provided) opportunity with Agoda. I am interested in this opportunity because Agoda’s reputation as a global leader in travel technology, combined with its high-velocity, data-driven culture, aligns perfectly with my professional background in turning complex datasets into scalable marketing programs. What interests me about working for Agoda is its commitment to using technology to bridge the world through travel, and the Performance Marketing team's focus on evidence-based decision-making inspires me because it mirrors my own approach to solving business problems. I believe my expertise in advanced statistical analysis and my proficiency in building end-to-end data pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on measurable impact. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our customer acquisition strategy; I designed a time-series model and implemented new marketing experiments that increased new customer acquisition by 300% over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Data Analyst role at Agoda would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to optimizing search and display campaign performance. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my leadership skills. I took ownership of our operational analytics, documenting SOPs that reduced onboarding time by 50% and mentoring colleagues on how to interpret KPIs for daily execution. This experience ensuring consistent, data-backed service delivery directly prepared me to lead complex projects and drive marketing efficiency at Agoda. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my experience in A/B testing and performance optimization in working on Agoda's global marketing initiatives. I know that my technical background in SQL and Python and my ability to synthesize marketing insights align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller