Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Customer Insights Analyst (Bangkok Based, Relocation Provided) opportunity with Agoda. I am interested in this opportunity because Agoda’s reputation as a data-driven leader in the travel tech industry perfectly aligns with my passion for using complex datasets to drive global business growth. What interests me about working for Agoda is its culture of innovation and its commitment to using data to bridge the world through travel, which intrigues me because it mirrors my own career focus on translating technical insights into meaningful customer experiences. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL, Python, and cloud-based data modeling, along with my background in performance marketing analytics, would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on measurable outcomes through data-backed strategies. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I implemented a new customer segmentation model using time series forecasting that contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. This result underscores my ability to turn raw data into bottom-line impact, a skill that is directly transferable to Agoda’s marketing channel optimization goals. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Customer Insights Analyst role at Agoda would allow me to bring my expertise in data pipelines and visualization to the key responsibility of driving campaign performance and experimentation. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my A/B testing and statistical analysis skills. I designed experiments to validate the efficacy of new marketing workflows, resulting in a 25% efficiency gain in operational throughput. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my advanced analytical skills in working on large-scale marketing programs at Agoda. I know that my data-driven mindset and technical toolkit align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Customer Insights Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller