Dear Hiring Manager,

i am excited to submit my application for the Senior Data Analyst (Bangkok Based) opportunity with Agoda. i am interested in this opportunity because Agoda's mission to bridge the world through travel deeply resonates with my passion for exploration and my belief in the power of data to enhance user experiences.

what interests me about working for Agoda is its data-driven culture and commitment to innovation, which excites, inspires, and intrigues me because it aligns perfectly with my own professional philosophy. i believe my advanced statistical and analytical skills and my expertise in data visualization would make me a strong candidate for this role.

during my professional career, i have approached problems with a focus on extracting actionable insights from complex datasets. in fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, i developed time series models to identify high-value customer segments; targeted marketing initiatives informed by these models contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months.

ultimately, i know that the Senior Data Analyst role at Agoda would allow me to bring my advanced statistical and analytical skills to optimizing marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers.

additionally, my experience as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my dashboarding and reporting skills. i developed interactive Power BI dashboards to replace manual reporting, improving KPI visibility, reducing data processing time by 40%, and accelerating executive decision-making.

i’m excited by the opportunity to use my expertise in data visualization in working on the experimental analysis of search and display campaigns at Agoda. i know that my advanced statistical and analytical skills and my expertise in data visualization align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Data Analyst role.

i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon.

warm regards,
Justin Miller