Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Analyst, Partner Development - SQL, R, Python, Pandas, Scala (Bangkok-based, relocation provided) opportunity with Agoda. I am interested in this opportunity because of Agoda’s reputation as a data-first leader in the global travel industry. What interests me about working for Agoda is its relentless focus on innovation and leveraging technology to connect travelers with unique experiences, which perfectly aligns with my passion for applying advanced analytics to solve complex business problems. I believe my expertise in quantitative analysis and my proven ability to translate complex data into growth strategies would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on data-backed actionable insights. In fact, at Shine Masters, I implemented a new data-driven marketing initiative by building time-series models to identify high-value segments. This resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months, proving my ability to drive tangible revenue growth. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Analyst, Partner Development role at Agoda would allow me to bring my proficiency in Python, SQL, and R to identify key opportunities for mid-to-long-tail hotel growth. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my stakeholder management skills. I led the transition to interactive Power BI dashboards, which replaced manual reporting and reduced data processing time by 40%, directly enabling executive leadership to make faster, more informed decisions. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my experience in experiment design and methodology standardization in working on global partner initiatives at Agoda. I know that my technical versatility and business-first mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Analyst, Partner Development role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller