Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Analyst (Marketing Analytics, Bangkok Based, Relocation provided) opportunity with Agoda. I am interested in this opportunity because Agoda’s reputation as a global leader in travel technology, combined with its highly data-driven approach to performance marketing, aligns perfectly with my analytical background. What interests me about working for Agoda is its commitment to innovation and its diverse, global team, which inspires me because I thrive in collaborative environments where technology is used to solve complex, real-world problems. I believe my expertise in building robust data pipelines and my ability to translate technical insights into business strategy would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on measurable impact and automation. In fact, while at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I led a project to modernize our marketing data infrastructure by implementing Python-based ETL pipelines and advanced segmentation models. By testing different customer acquisition strategies and analyzing the resulting data, I enabled the team to shift focus toward high-value segments, which directly resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Data Analyst role at Agoda would allow me to bring my proficiency in Python and SQL to the Performance Marketing Team’s experimentation programs. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration and statistical modeling skills. I collaborated with Product and Underwriting teams to reconcile insurance data, where I optimized relational database queries to improve data accuracy by 30%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in experimental design and predictive modeling to work on campaign optimization and marketing attribution at Agoda. I know that my strong analytical foundation and experience in data-driven marketing strategy align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller