Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Transaction Services - Data Analytics Senior Associate opportunity with Riveron. I am interested in this opportunity because of Riveron’s commitment to providing data-driven, strategic insights that guide clients through complex M&A lifecycles. What interests me about working for Riveron is its DELTA values—specifically the focus on Excellence and Accountability—which resonates with my professional philosophy of delivering high-quality, actionable results. I believe my advanced data modeling expertise and my ability to translate complex datasets into clear, strategic recommendations would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a rigorous focus on technical accuracy and business impact. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I was tasked with reconciling insurance testing data that lacked unified structure. I optimized relational database queries using CTEs and window functions to clean and reconcile this financial-adjacent data, which directly improved data accuracy by 30% and enabled the team to meet critical project deadlines. Ultimately, I know that the Transaction Services - Data Analytics Senior Associate role at Riveron would allow me to bring my SQL and Python-based data cleansing skills to support the preparation of EBITDA tables and Net Working Capital analyses. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my data storytelling skills. I built interactive Power BI dashboards to replace manual reporting, which reduced data processing time by 40% and accelerated executive decision-making. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in ETL pipeline design and data visualization in working on due diligence and post-deal performance analysis at Riveron. I know that my analytical rigor and technical proficiency align with what it takes to succeed at the Transaction Services - Data Analytics Senior Associate role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller