Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Product Data Science (Data Labs) opportunity with Similarweb. I am interested in this opportunity because of Similarweb’s industry-leading position in digital intelligence and the chance to solve complex analytical problems for global giants like Google and Meta. What interests me about working for Similarweb is its approach to revolutionizing the way businesses interact with the digital world; this excites me because I am passionate about turning raw data into strategic, actionable insights that drive real business impact. I believe my end-to-end data pipeline development skills and my client-facing analytical experience would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on automating manual workflows to increase efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and utilized Python to automate client intake, which reduced data processing time by 40%. The result was a 300% increase in new customer acquisition, proving that I can deliver results that directly support organizational growth. Ultimately, I know that the Product Data Science (Data Labs) role at Similarweb would allow me to bring my experience in building custom reports to your high-performing Data Labs team. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my technical infrastructure skills. I collaborated cross-functionally with Underwriting and Product teams to optimize relational database queries and clean insurance testing data. This work improved data accuracy by 30% and ensured that engineering teams had reliable, scalable schemas to work from. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and SQL in working on custom, complex client requests at Similarweb. I know that my analytical rigor and proactive, client-focused mindset align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller