Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Lead Analytics Engineer opportunity with Mondo. I am interested in this opportunity because of Mondo's innovative approach to leveraging data and AI to drive business growth, a mission that deeply resonates with my own professional aspirations. What interests me about working for Mondo is its commitment to [something unique about the company] excites inspires intrigues me because [your connection]. I believe my strong hands-on Python and SQL skills and my experience building production-grade ELT pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on translating business needs into scalable technical solutions. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual written reporting, reducing data mismatches and improving work efficiency by 40%. This resulted in a 40% increase in efficiency and faster strategic decisions. Ultimately, I know that the Lead Analytics Engineer role at Mondo would allow me to bring my Python and SQL expertise to designing and delivering analytics and AI solutions. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication skills. I regularly translated complex technical findings into business recommendations during stakeholder meetings to close the gap between raw data and growth strategy, ensuring cross-functional alignment and a consistent 'single source of truth' for all business stakeholders. I'm excited by the opportunity to use my experience in building scalable data pipelines in working on analytics, reporting, and AI use cases at Mondo. I know that my strong Python and SQL skills and my experience in data engineering align with what it takes to succeed at the Lead Analytics Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller