Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist, Product Analytics opportunity with Meta. I am interested in this opportunity because of Meta’s unparalleled ability to connect billions of users through social technology and its commitment to using data to solve complex, real-world product challenges. What interests me about working for Meta is its mission to build immersive experiences that go beyond the constraints of screens; I am deeply inspired by the scale at which Meta’s product teams iterate and improve lives through data-driven innovation. I believe my expertise in analytical modeling and my proficiency in building robust ETL pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into actionable product strategy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I designed a time series model to identify high-value customer segments and, through iterative testing and segmentation, drove a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. This experience directly translates to the product growth and monitoring responsibilities required at Meta. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role at Meta would allow me to bring my technical skill in SQL and Python to drive product development and roadmap decision-making. Additionally, my role as a Data Analytics Fellow at COOP Careers enabled me to develop my data storytelling skills. I led an analysis of 250K+ records using Python to identify demographic patterns and presented these insights to stakeholders through an interactive Tableau dashboard, resulting in clear recommendations for public safety initiatives. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in experimental analysis and product-focused metrics in working on the family of applications at Meta. I know that my technical versatility and analytical rigor align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller