Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Commercial Analyst opportunity with Vertice. I am interested in this opportunity because Vertice’s mission to transform software procurement through agentic workflows and AI-driven insights aligns perfectly with my background in high-impact data analysis. What interests me about working for Vertice is your remarkable 13X growth and commitment to scaling smarter, which intrigues me because I thrive in fast-paced environments where data directly influences rapid business expansion. I believe my proficiency in technical data modeling and my experience in cross-functional collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on translating complex datasets into clear, business-driven narratives. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and time-series models to identify high-value customer segments. By presenting these insights to leadership, I helped guide targeted marketing initiatives that contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Commercial Analyst role at Vertice would allow me to bring my data storytelling skills to the task of identifying cost-saving opportunities for your prospects. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my agile and cross-functional collaboration skills. In this capacity, I collaborated with Underwriting and Product teams to reconcile insurance data and optimize SQL queries, reducing project delivery delays by 25% and ensuring our technical outputs were perfectly aligned with shifting business objectives. I am excited by the opportunity to use my SQL and Python expertise in working on complex SaaS stack analysis at Vertice. I know that my analytical rigor and my proactive, get-stuff-done mentality align with what it takes to succeed at the Commercial Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller