Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Junior IT Business Analyst opportunity with Asta CRS, Inc. I am interested in this opportunity because of my desire to bridge the gap between technical data solutions and strategic business objectives. What interests me about working for Asta CRS, Inc. is its results-driven approach and commitment to delivering measurable value, which resonates with my own background in optimizing operational performance. I believe my strong background in data analysis and my experience in requirements documentation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career at Shine Masters, I approached problems by identifying inefficiencies in existing business processes. In fact, I translated complex performance data into clear, automated workflows that saved 8 hours per week and reduced process bottlenecks by 25%. This effort directly improved team efficiency and provided the leadership team with the visibility needed for rapid decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Junior IT Business Analyst role at Asta CRS, Inc. would allow me to bring my data modeling and process improvement skills to help refine client business requirements. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication and technical documentation skills. I collaborated directly with Underwriting and Product teams to align software features with business objectives, using JIRA and Confluence to track project issues and requirements, which reduced project delivery delays by 25%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to map business processes and analyze system flows in working on technical solutions at Asta CRS, Inc. I know that my proficiency in SQL and Power BI, combined with my commitment to structured documentation, aligns with what it takes to succeed at the Junior IT Business Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller