Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Driven Marketing Analyst - Audience Design opportunity with Deluxe. I am interested in this opportunity because of my passion for leveraging predictive modeling and statistical analysis to drive omni-channel marketing success. What interests me about working for Deluxe is its award-winning culture and its commitment to 'Great Place to Work' values; the focus on diversity and professional development aligns perfectly with my career aspirations. I believe my proficiency in Python and SQL for statistical modeling and my experience in cross-functional data collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into clear, actionable business strategies. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a need for better audience targeting and built time series models and customer segments from scratch. The result was a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months, proving my ability to turn raw data into bottom-line growth. Ultimately, I know that the Data Driven Marketing Analyst - Audience Design role at Deluxe would allow me to bring my expertise in statistical modeling to omni-channel marketing campaigns. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my advanced Excel and automation skills. I standardized reporting workflows using Power BI and automated intake processes via Zapier, which saved 8 hours of manual labor per week and reallocated team focus toward high-impact lead generation. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data pipeline development in working on product and customer recommendation engines at Deluxe. I know that my technical fluency in Python, R, and SQL, combined with my commitment to data-driven decision-making, align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Driven Marketing Analyst - Audience Design role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller