Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Lead Data Engineer, Revenue Engine opportunity with Charlie Health. I am interested in this opportunity because Charlie Health’s commitment to expanding access to life-saving behavioral health treatment is both mission-critical and deeply inspiring. What interests me about working for Charlie Health is its evidence-based approach to virtual care, which intrigues me because of the clear potential to drive better outcomes for millions of people struggling with complex needs. I believe my expertise in building robust ELT pipelines and my proficiency in data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing scalability and data quality. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I engineered an end-to-end ELT process using Python, dbt, and BigQuery to ingest sensitive economic datasets, automating validation through Great Expectations. This resulted in a high-performing star schema that reduced analyst query time significantly and provided a reliable foundation for downstream financial dashboards. Ultimately, I know that the Lead Data Engineer, Revenue Engine role at Charlie Health would allow me to bring my technical expertise to help scale your revenue collection systems. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I led the development of a business intelligence system that tracked operational KPIs, which directly addressed internal inefficiencies. By translating complex operational data into actionable insights, I improved organizational efficiency by 40%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my data engineering skills in working on the Revenue Engine team at Charlie Health. I know that my background in modern data stacks and my commitment to rigorous data governance align with what it takes to succeed at the Lead Data Engineer, Revenue Engine role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller