Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Process Intelligence Senior Specialist opportunity with Merck. I am interested in this opportunity because of Merck's commitment to leveraging data-driven insights to accelerate life-saving innovations and its focus on optimizing complex enterprise-wide processes. What interests me about working for Merck is its rigorous, science-led approach to solving global health challenges, which inspires me to apply my analytical background to improve operational efficiency. I believe my expertise in business process modeling and my proficiency in data-driven decision-making would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by bridging the gap between raw data and actionable business strategy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I mapped manual intake workflows and implemented automated solutions using Zapier, which saved 8 hours per week and increased new customer acquisition by 300%. Ultimately, I know that the Process Intelligence Senior Specialist role at Merck would allow me to bring my experience in process documentation and workflow optimization to drive measurable business outcomes. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my requirements gathering and stakeholder management skills. I led efforts to translate complex performance data into clear executive insights, facilitating cross-functional alignment on new business processes. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in ETL pipelines and data visualization to work on building process-mining models and digital twins at Merck. I know that my analytical mindset and experience with business process improvements align with what it takes to succeed in the Process Intelligence Senior Specialist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller