Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Product Analyst opportunity with Avis Budget Group. I am interested in this opportunity because of the company's commitment to defining the future of mobility through data-driven, customer-focused innovation. What interests me about working for Avis Budget Group is its culture of performance and purpose, which aligns perfectly with my background in transforming raw data into high-impact business strategies. I believe my expertise in end-to-end data pipeline architecture and my proficiency in product-focused experimentation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by building 'single sources of truth' to align cross-functional teams. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed comprehensive Power BI and Looker workflows and automated sales reports that replaced manual processes, saving 8 hours per week and increasing reporting accuracy. By translating these complex technical findings into clear business recommendations, I helped stakeholders improve operational efficiency by 40% and grew targeted segment revenue by 300%. Ultimately, I know that the Product Analyst role at Avis Budget Group would allow me to bring my experience in A/B testing and statistical modeling to optimize the full digital customer journey. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my data instrumentation and technical collaboration skills. By optimizing complex SQL queries and integrating API data into PostgreSQL warehouses, I improved testing data accuracy by 60% and successfully collaborated with 14-person product teams to align technical delivery with business objectives. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL, Python, and statistical experimentation to support your web and mobile product pods. I know that my analytical rigor and communication skills align with what it takes to succeed at the Product Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller