Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist opportunity with TripleLift. I am interested in this opportunity because TripleLift's mission to elevate digital advertising through innovative solutions and actionable data deeply resonates with my passion for leveraging data to drive performance and optimization. What interests me about working for TripleLift is its data-driven approach to tackling complex challenges in the real-time ad marketplace; this focus on optimization excites and inspires me because it aligns perfectly with my analytical and problem-solving skills. I believe my strong Python and SQL expertise, coupled with my experience building and deploying data pipelines, would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on efficiency and accuracy. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I built Python automation for weekly sales and operations reports (ingesting POS and CRM data), eliminating repetitive data entry, saving 8 hours per week, and improving reporting accuracy for faster strategic decisions. This resulted in a 40% improvement in work efficiency and reduced data mismatches. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist role at TripleLift would allow me to bring my expertise in building robust data solutions to optimizing traffic shaping algorithms and improving outcomes for publishers, DSPs, and TripleLift alike. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my monitoring and reporting skills. I designed and executed A/B tests for digital marketing campaigns to measure audience response and lift, providing the statistical evidence needed to optimize marketing spend and inform strategic decisions. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my skills in building reusable modules and data structures in working on your real-time ad marketplace at TripleLift. I know that my proficiency in Python and SQL and my experience with end-to-end data pipeline development align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Scientist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller