Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the GTM Engineer opportunity with Maple. I am interested in this opportunity because I am passionate about building the technical infrastructure that empowers high-growth sales teams to scale effectively. What interests me about working for Maple is its approach to building automated ontologies that allow AI to operate within real-world constraints; this practical, systems-oriented vision truly resonates with my background in data engineering and operational automation. I believe my expertise in building automated data pipelines and my ability to develop scrappy, high-impact internal tooling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing high-leverage outcomes over perfect architecture. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our client acquisition workflow and immediately prototyped a Zapier-integrated automation to handle intake and scheduling. This enabled the team to reallocate 8 hours per week from manual tasks toward direct lead generation. Ultimately, I know that the GTM Engineer role at Maple would allow me to bring my data-modeling skills to help close the loop from top-of-funnel leads to closed-won revenue. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my GTM-alignment skills. I translated complex performance data into actionable insights, which directly informed our targeted marketing campaigns and led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my rapid prototyping skills in working on the rep-facing tooling layer at Maple. I know that my technical proficiency in SQL/Python and my obsession with operational efficiency align with what it takes to succeed in the GTM Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller