Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Whatnot. I am interested in this opportunity because I am a frequent user of the platform and deeply admire how Whatnot is revolutionizing live commerce by turning passions into scalable businesses. What interests me about working for Whatnot is its unique approach to scaling a community-driven marketplace, which requires the exact kind of high-impact, real-time data architecture I am passionate about building. I believe my expertise in building resilient ELT pipelines and my proficiency in cloud data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on both technical rigor and business outcomes. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I designed a dbt star schema and implemented Great Expectations to automate data quality validation. This allowed me to reduce query times through BigQuery partitioning and clustering, directly resulting in a more performant and reliable reporting layer that supported strategic decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Whatnot would allow me to bring my dimensional modeling skills to define the foundational data products that power Whatnot’s growth. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my production-grade code skills. I collaborated with stakeholders to synchronize data across REST APIs and relational databases, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly supported front-end feature development. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and SQL in working on event-driven architectures and streaming pipelines at Whatnot. I know that my experience with modern data infrastructure and my commitment to data observability align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller