Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business/Data Analyst (SQL+ Python & Model Risk) opportunity with Capgemini. I am interested in this opportunity because of Capgemini's global reputation for using advanced data analytics to unlock the value of technology for complex, regulated organizations. What interests me about working for Capgemini is its commitment to driving sustainable and inclusive growth through innovation; your emphasis on solving high-stakes challenges at the intersection of business and technology deeply intrigues me. I believe my advanced proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in building robust data governance frameworks would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex data problems by prioritizing accuracy and compliance. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I led a data governance initiative to standardize KPIs and reporting workflows; I designed and implemented automated data validation pipelines to eliminate inconsistencies and ensure a single source of truth for business stakeholders. This resulted in a 40% improvement in work efficiency and significantly reduced reporting discrepancies for executive leadership. Ultimately, I know that the Business/Data Analyst (SQL+ Python & Model Risk) role at Capgemini would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to the design of sophisticated model governance workflows and lifecycle controls. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my technical documentation and cross-functional collaboration skills. I collaborated with a 14-person team to align features with business objectives, using Git for version control and optimizing complex database queries to ensure 60% higher data accuracy for testing environments. This experience allowed me to bridge the gap between technical engineering and stakeholder requirements, a skill set I look forward to applying to Capgemini's regulatory and MRM initiatives. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data automation and requirements gathering in working on model risk management and system integration at Capgemini. I know that my expertise in SQL/Python and my commitment to data integrity align with what it takes to succeed at the Business/Data Analyst (SQL+ Python & Model Risk) role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller