Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Intern opportunity with Phibro Animal Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Phibro’s commitment to providing innovative health and nutrition solutions for animal welfare on a global scale. What interests me about working for Phibro is its focus on developing a diverse and creative workforce, which intrigues me because of my own background in leveraging cross-functional data insights to solve operational challenges. I believe my technical proficiency in data modeling and my experience with end-to-end ETL pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into actionable business intelligence. In fact, while at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I designed interactive Power BI dashboards that replaced manual reporting, which required me to utilize advanced data transformation and modeling techniques to improve KPI visibility. This resulted in a 40% reduction in data processing time and significantly accelerated executive decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Business Intelligence Intern role at Phibro Animal Health would allow me to bring my expertise in data visualization to help your team maintain and enhance the health of animals globally. Additionally, my role as a Data Analytics Fellow at COOP Careers enabled me to develop my SQL and Python skills. I successfully analyzed a 2M+ row loan portfolio by building an end-to-end ETL pipeline, performing exploratory data analysis, and creating borrower-centric dimensions. This project allowed me to identify high-risk populations and provide recommendations that directly impacted strategic planning. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my data modeling skills in working on the Digital Information Delivery team at Phibro Animal Health. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to problem-solving align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Intelligence Intern role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller