Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Human Resource Data Analyst opportunity with Iris Software Inc. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to the Data-as-a-Product operating model, which aligns perfectly with my background in data modeling and enterprise-level analytics. What interests me about working for Iris Software is its reputation for driving digital transformation within the financial sector, which intrigues me because of my previous experience working in the insurance industry at Haven Technologies. I believe my expertise in SQL, Python, and cloud-based data modeling, and my experience navigating complex data documentation, would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing data integrity and stakeholder alignment. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with Underwriting and Product teams to reconcile complex insurance datasets, implementing new data schemas that improved accuracy by 30%. This project allowed me to translate raw business needs into reliable, analytics-ready datasets, a skill set I look forward to applying to your People Domain assets. Ultimately, I know that the Human Resource Data Analyst role at Iris Software would allow me to bring my technical proficiency to the build-out of your People-related data products. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my data quality and process optimization skills. During this time, I automated client onboarding workflows and replaced manual reporting with interactive Power BI dashboards. This resulted in a 40% reduction in data processing time and significantly improved KPI visibility for executive leadership. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data governance and cross-functional collaboration in working on the People Domain Activation project at Iris Software. I know that my analytical mindset and technical capabilities align with what it takes to succeed at the Human Resource Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller