Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Analyst, Business Intelligence opportunity with Hearst Magazines. I am interested in this opportunity because of Hearst’s world-class reputation for marrying iconic editorial content with sophisticated, data-backed business strategy. What interests me about working for Hearst Magazines is its commitment to using data to evolve the media landscape; as a fan of the intersection between digital audience growth and strategic partnership development, the opportunity to support industry-leading brands like Cosmopolitan and Esquire inspires me. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in building automated performance reporting would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex datasets into clear, actionable business narratives. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was hindering decision-making, so I built an automated end-to-end dashboarding pipeline that replaced legacy workflows. This resulted in a 40% reduction in data processing time and a 300% increase in customer acquisition through more targeted, data-informed marketing initiatives. Ultimately, I know that the Analyst, Business Intelligence role at Hearst Magazines would allow me to bring my data storytelling skills to partnership strategy and KPI tracking. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I led the transition from manual processes to scalable, automated reporting, which required me to document requirements, define KPIs for team efficiency, and present findings to leadership. This experience mirrors the need to provide insights to diverse stakeholders across Product and Editorial teams. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in API integration and data warehousing in working on high-impact partnership analysis at Hearst. I know that my technical versatility and results-oriented mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Analyst, Business Intelligence role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller