Hiring Manager, Mondrian Alpha, New York, NY. Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer - Greenfield FinTech Initiative - Hedge Fund opportunity with Mondrian Alpha. I am interested in this opportunity because of the firm's commitment to integrating advanced data engineering with front-office investment strategy, a challenge that perfectly aligns with my background in building high-integrity data pipelines. What interests me about working for Mondrian Alpha is its proactive approach to modernization and its pivot toward AI/ML capabilities, which inspires me because I am passionate about building the foundational infrastructure that drives algorithmic decision-making. I believe my expertise in end-to-end data stack ownership and my ability to synthesize complex financial requirements into technical solutions would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by balancing technical rigor with business-critical outcomes. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I worked directly with engineers and business stakeholders to transform REST API data into clean, actionable datasets that resolved critical UI bugs and supported feature development, ultimately increasing feature adoption by 15% and data accuracy by 60%. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Mondrian Alpha would allow me to bring my end-to-end pipeline expertise to your ongoing modernization efforts. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my stakeholder collaboration skills. I identified operational inefficiencies through cross-functional data analysis, which allowed me to implement automated reporting systems that drove a 40% improvement in efficiency and provided leadership with the visibility needed to scale operations. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my SQL and Python expertise in working on investment-facing data products at Mondrian Alpha. I know that my background in data quality management and pipeline architecture aligns with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller