Hiring Manager, Digitas North America. Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Vice President, Data and Analysis opportunity with Digitas. I am interested in this opportunity because Digitas is recognized as an industry-leading agency that transforms data into magnetic, human-centric experiences. What interests me about working for Digitas is its commitment to the 'Networked Experience' philosophy, which resonates with my belief that data should never exist in a vacuum but must be put to work to tell compelling stories. I believe my expertise in building automated data-driven strategy and my ability to translate technical findings into business growth would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on high-impact statistical modeling and operational efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed a statistical model to identify high-value customer segments that targeted marketing initiatives, which directly contributed to a 300% increase in revenue in that segment over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Vice President, Data and Analysis role at Digitas would allow me to bring my data-driven strategy skills to lead complex, integrated client engagements. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration and stakeholder management skills. I designed and executed A/B tests and standardized organizational KPIs, resulting in a consistent 'single source of truth' that reduced reporting discrepancies across the entire organization. I am excited by the opportunity to use my leadership experience in working on enterprise-wide analytics at Digitas. I know that my proficiency in advanced statistical learning and my passion for data-driven storytelling align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Vice President, Data and Analysis role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller