Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Operations Analyst opportunity with Standard Practice AI. I am interested in this opportunity because of your innovative approach to automating complex healthcare infrastructure through voice AI, which bridges the critical gap between siloed, legacy data and high-value operational outcomes. What interests me about working for Standard Practice AI is its commitment to scaling automation in a sector as complex as healthcare; the intersection of AI-driven telephony and revenue cycle management uniquely intrigues me because of my background in building data pipelines and operational automation tools. I believe my proficiency in technical data analysis and my experience in designing automated workflow reporting would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on operational excellence and system optimization. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was creating data mismatches and inefficiency; I developed custom Power BI dashboards and Python automation pipelines to ingest POS and CRM data, which ultimately eliminated 8 hours of manual work per week and established a reliable single source of truth for all business stakeholders. Ultimately, I know that the Business Operations Analyst role at Standard Practice AI would allow me to bring my data pipeline expertise to monitor and improve your voice AI platform’s performance. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my root-cause analysis and database optimization skills. While working on a 14-person product team, I optimized complex relational database queries to reconcile testing data, improving data accuracy by 60% and successfully driving a 15% increase in feature adoption by translating user feedback into production-ready code. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and SQL to assist your team in investigating issues across IVRs and payer workflows at Standard Practice AI. I know that my analytical mindset and technical operational experience align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Operations Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller