Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Strategist - Data Strategy & Integration opportunity with Similarweb. I am interested in this opportunity because Similarweb’s ability to provide game-changing digital intelligence for industry leaders like Google and eBay resonates deeply with my background in data-driven storytelling and operational efficiency. What interests me about working for Similarweb is its unique position in revolutionizing digital interaction, which excites me because I am passionate about turning complex datasets into scalable, actionable impact. I believe my technical fluency in Python and SQL and my experience in cross-functional stakeholder management would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing clear communication and operational design. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was a bottleneck; I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and automated workflows that reduced processing time by 40% and directly supported a 300% increase in customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Data Strategist role at Similarweb would allow me to bring my analytical prototyping skills to define data-driven solutions for your clients. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my technical integration skills. I collaborated with Product, UI/UX, and Underwriting teams to integrate data from APIs and PostgreSQL, ensuring that data structures were reliable for engineers and stakeholders, resulting in a 25% reduction in project delivery delays. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data modeling and strategy in working on use-case design and technical project management at Similarweb. I know that my data architecture expertise and my ability to translate technical concepts into business value align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Strategist role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller