Dear Hiring Manager at Rhone, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant opportunity with Rhone. I am interested in this opportunity because of Rhone’s commitment to a gritty, team-centered, and authentic culture, which mirrors my own professional philosophy of operational excellence and collaborative support. What interests me about working for Rhone is its approach to balancing high-performance results with a mission-driven mindset; this inspires me because I thrive in environments where integrity and accountability are at the forefront of the daily workflow. I believe my 10+ years of experience supporting C-suite executives and my proactive, resource-driven approach to complex operations would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by identifying inefficiencies and implementing scalable solutions. In fact, while supporting the executive team at Direct Clean Solutions, I managed a high-volume calendar and logistics workload that required shifting priorities daily to align with the company's growth phase. By implementing a new digital document management system and refining travel processes, I reduced administrative friction by 30%, ultimately allowing the founders to shift their focus from scheduling to high-level strategic growth. I know that the Executive Assistant role at Rhone would allow me to bring my strategic calendar management skills to facilitate alignment across your co-founders’ most critical initiatives. Additionally, my role as an Executive Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my cross-functional liaison skills. I frequently managed communication between the CFO and external vendors, ensuring compliance and budget tracking remained on target. By serving as the primary point of contact for operational needs, I ensured the executive office functioned with high precision and discretion. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to handle sensitive, confidential information in working on company-wide initiatives at Rhone. I know that my background in executive support and my dedication to organizational efficiency align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez