Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant opportunity with S&P Global. I am interested in this opportunity because of S&P Global's reputation for providing essential intelligence that drives sustainable value in global energy markets. What interests me about working for S&P Global is its commitment to integrity and partnership, which aligns perfectly with my professional philosophy of serving as a trusted, anticipatory partner to leadership. I believe my 10+ years of high-level C-suite support and my expertise in managing complex, global operations would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive mindset and a commitment to operational excellence. In fact, while supporting C-suite executives, I recognized the need for improved international travel protocols. I implemented a comprehensive contingency planning system that accounted for shifting time zones, visa requirements, and last-minute schedule changes. As a result, I reduced travel-related disruptions by 40% and ensured executives remained focused on high-priority strategic initiatives. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant role at S&P Global would allow me to bring my refined organizational skills to support the Head of CERA Research and Advisory. Additionally, my role as an Executive Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my cross-functional coordination skills. I acted as the primary liaison between executive leadership and various department heads, managing conflicting priorities and sensitive communications. By establishing a centralized tracking system for meeting follow-ups and action items, I increased project completion rates by 25%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my strategic thinking in working on the high-level operational workflows at S&P Global. I know that my background in executive support and my ability to navigate complex organizational structures align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez