Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer opportunity with Rilla. I am interested in this opportunity because of Rilla’s mission to digitize the offline sales world—a unique and ambitious challenge that aligns perfectly with my background in high-velocity software development and data engineering. What interests me about working for Rilla is its approach to scaling AI-driven coaching for non-technical industries, which intrigues me because of the massive potential for real-world impact. I believe my full-stack engineering proficiency and my deep experience in data pipeline architecture would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with an obsessive focus on product quality and user-centric design. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with stakeholders to bridge the gap between user feedback and production code, utilizing SQL to validate and synchronize data across systems, which resulted in a 60% improvement in data accuracy and a 15% increase in feature adoption. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer role at Rilla would allow me to bring my technical versatility to building the products and systems that index billions of real-world conversations. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my operational empathy skills. When tracking marketing and operational KPIs, I spent significant time analyzing the 'real-world' friction points of our service staff, leading to a 40% improvement in operational efficiency through strategic automation. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to iterate quickly and my passion for learning in working on the next generation of sales coaching tools at Rilla. I know that my strong coding skills and my collaborative, startup-ready mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller