Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), Emerging Talent Intern opportunity with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. I am interested in this opportunity because of the MTA’s mission-critical role in New York City’s infrastructure, where high-level data strategy directly impacts the reliability of daily transit for millions. What interests me about working for the MTA is its commitment to modernizing complex, legacy systems, which excites me because it mirrors my passion for transforming raw operational data into actionable maintenance strategies. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in cross-functional stakeholder collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing efficiency and technical clarity. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our operations and developed automated workflows using Zapier and Power BI; by translating complex performance data into clear, accessible dashboards, I reduced processing time by 40% and enabled executive leadership to make data-driven decisions on resource allocation. Ultimately, I know that the Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), Emerging Talent Intern role at the MTA would allow me to bring my data transformation skills to the DOS Subways EAM Data Analysis project. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my troubleshooting and documentation skills. When faced with complex insurance testing data, I optimized relational database queries and documented the schemas in Confluence to ensure the entire engineering team could maintain the system with minimal friction. This resulted in a 30% increase in data accuracy and significantly streamlined our project delivery. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my data analysis skills in working on the DOS Subways EAM Change management initiatives at the MTA. I know that my technical background and collaborative approach align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller