Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer opportunity with PermitFlow. I am interested in this opportunity because of PermitFlow’s mission to modernize the $1.6T construction industry through intelligent, AI-enabled software. What interests me about working for PermitFlow is its unique approach to solving the high-stakes information challenge of building permits, which inspires me because it combines real-world infrastructure impact with cutting-edge AI technology. I believe my full-stack development background and my proficiency in building scalable data-driven systems would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing both technical excellence and user needs. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with stakeholders to bridge the gap between complex backend data and front-end features, driving a 15% increase in feature adoption by translating user feedback into production-ready code. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer role at PermitFlow would allow me to bring my full-stack expertise to transform complex permitting workflows into seamless user experiences. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my ability to own features end-to-end. I managed the design and implementation of business intelligence systems that directly identified operational inefficiencies, resulting in a 40% improvement in company-wide productivity. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data engineering and full-stack development in working on AI-driven construction solutions at PermitFlow. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to shipping reliable, scalable systems align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller