Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Functional Business Analyst opportunity with RIIM. I am interested in this opportunity because of my passion for translating complex data into strategic business value. What interests me about working for RIIM is its innovative approach to operational efficiency and data-driven growth, which aligns perfectly with my professional background in bridging the gap between technical engineering and business needs. I believe my expertise in requirements gathering and my background in technical project documentation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by balancing rigorous technical analysis with clear stakeholder communication. In fact, while at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I led the transition to a new automated scheduling system by conducting comprehensive requirement gathering sessions with operational leads. By documenting the workflow and translating these needs into technical specifications, I was able to automate intake processes that saved 8 hours per week and increased team efficiency by 25%. Ultimately, I know that the Functional Business Analyst role at RIIM would allow me to bring my experience in creating BRD and FRD documentation to your project management team. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my Agile/Scrum and SDLC skills. In this capacity, I collaborated with Underwriting and UI/UX teams to align features with business objectives, using JIRA and Confluence to manage ticket tracking and documentation, which reduced project delivery delays by 25%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in database management and process mapping to work on business process optimization at RIIM. I know that my analytical skills and proficiency in tools like SQL, Power BI, and Visio align with what it takes to succeed at the Functional Business Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller