Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant / Office Manager - C-Suite Support opportunity with Miller Klein Group, LLC. I am interested in this opportunity because of Miller Klein Group’s reputation for rapid growth and its commitment to excellence in the consumer services industry. What interests me about working for Miller Klein Group is its proactive approach to operational efficiency, which inspires me because I thrive in fast-paced environments where I can directly contribute to executive success. I believe my tenured experience supporting C-suite executives and my advanced proficiency in office management would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a ‘thick-skinned’ and flexible mindset, prioritizing the most critical business needs while maintaining a calm demeanor under pressure. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I managed the complex calendars and travel for three C-suite executives simultaneously, often navigating last-minute schedule shifts while maintaining gatekeeping protocols to ensure their focus remained on high-level strategic initiatives. This resulted in a seamless workflow that allowed our leadership to maximize their productivity during high-stakes trade shows and international expansion projects. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant / Office Manager role at Miller Klein Group would allow me to bring my high-level gatekeeping and calendar management skills to facilitate your daily operations. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my expense reporting and technical skills. I consistently utilized robust software platforms to reconcile expenditures and manage vendor logistics, ensuring 99% accuracy in financial reporting. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my expertise in Concur and MS Office Suite in working on complex calendar management and document preparation at Miller Klein Group. I know that my strategic support skills and my adaptability align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant / Office Manager role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez