Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Bilingual Administrative Assistant to the CEO opportunity with Esperanza Academy Charter School. I am interested in this opportunity because of Esperanza Academy’s unwavering commitment to providing high-quality education as a vehicle for social and economic progress in North Philadelphia. What interests me about working for Esperanza Academy is its proven track record of academic success and its mission to ensure that a student’s zip code does not dictate their destiny; this approach deeply resonates with my own values. I believe my 10+ years of high-level executive support and my bilingual (English/Spanish) communication skills would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex administrative problems by streamlining workflows and prioritizing stakeholder needs. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I supported the VP of Marketing and Sales with event logistics and managed hiring pipelines for executive leadership, ensuring that all cross-functional communication remained clear and consistent. This experience resulted in improved data accuracy and more efficient executive scheduling that allowed leadership to focus on strategic growth. Ultimately, I know that the Bilingual Administrative Assistant to the CEO role at Esperanza Academy would allow me to bring my refined calendar management and organizational skills to the Office of the Chief Executive Officer. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my interpersonal and stakeholder-facing skills. I am accustomed to managing confidential information and serving as the primary point of contact for diverse partners, which I know is essential to representing the Academy’s values to families and faculty. I am excited by the opportunity to use my bilingual communication skills in working on stakeholder engagement and administrative systems at Esperanza Academy. I know that my background in executive operations and my commitment to education align with what it takes to succeed at the Bilingual Administrative Assistant to the CEO role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez