Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Technical Lead opportunity with Orion Innovation. I am interested in this opportunity because of Orion’s reputation for driving game-changing business transformations through a unique blend of engineering maturity and digital strategy. What interests me about working for Orion Innovation is its commitment to delivering measurable business outcomes through cutting-edge technology, which aligns perfectly with my results-oriented approach to technical problem-solving. I believe my expertise in building scalable data pipelines and my ability to translate complex business requirements into technical AI-enabled solutions would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on the intersection of data integrity and operational efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a need for more predictive capabilities; I built time series models for customer segmentation which, when integrated into our marketing initiatives, contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Technical Lead role at Orion Innovation would allow me to bring my experience in Python and machine learning model development to your mission-critical delivery projects. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my skills in cross-functional collaboration and systems integration. While working with Underwriting and Product teams, I optimized relational database queries and integrated disparate API and PostgreSQL sources, which resulted in a 30% improvement in data accuracy and significantly streamlined team development workflows. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in model evaluation and performance tuning in working on AI-driven solution deployment at Orion Innovation. I know that my technical leadership capabilities and my dedication to engineering excellence align with what it takes to succeed at the Technical Lead role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller