Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Entry Level Software Developer opportunity with SkillStorm. I am interested in this opportunity because of your unique mission to build high-performing, customer-ready technology workforces for critical government and enterprise clients. What interests me about working for SkillStorm is your commitment to continuous mentorship and professional development; your model of preparing developers for high-demand technology stacks via intensive, project-based training truly resonates with my background in computer science and data-driven problem solving. I believe my technical foundation in relational database architecture and my experience in collaborative, cross-functional software development would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on logical efficiency and technical documentation. In fact, while at Haven Technologies, I optimized relational database queries by implementing complex window functions and joins to clean insurance testing data. This work reduced project delivery delays by 25% and established a more reliable, well-documented data structure for the engineering team. Ultimately, I know that the Entry Level Software Developer role at SkillStorm would allow me to bring my proficiency in SQL and Python-based data modeling to help develop robust software solutions that meet client requirements. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my collaboration and documentation skills. I worked closely with Underwriting, Product, and UI/UX teams to manage software features via JIRA and Confluence, ensuring that our technical output consistently met business objectives. By adhering to rigorous version control standards using Git, I ensured project stability and seamless team deployments. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in software lifecycle management in working on diverse, real-world projects at SkillStorm. I know that my technical agility and commitment to quality code align with what it takes to succeed in this role, and I am fully prepared for the relocation and security clearance requirements. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller