Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer -Senior - Location OPEN opportunity with EY. I am interested in this opportunity because EY’s commitment to building a better working world through innovative marketing transformation aligns perfectly with my passion for leveraging data to solve complex customer journey challenges. What interests me about working for EY is its reputation as a global leader in consulting and its focus on fostering continuous learning and innovation, which excites me as I look to apply my technical background to enterprise-level marketing analytics. I believe my strong background in building scalable ELT/ETL pipelines and my proficiency in translating complex data into actionable business insights would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on both technical rigor and business strategy. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a gap in reporting efficiency and developed automated Python workflows and Power BI dashboards to replace manual processes. This project eliminated repetitive data entry, saved 8 hours per week, and provided the 'single source of truth' required for high-stakes strategic decision-making. Ultimately, I know that the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer role at EY would allow me to bring my data engineering and modeling expertise to enhance marketing performance for diverse clients. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication and project management skills. For instance, I designed and executed A/B tests for digital marketing campaigns, utilizing statistical models to provide the evidence needed to optimize spend and improve customer segmentation. This initiative directly contributed to a 300% increase in revenue for targeted segments over 12 months, showcasing my ability to deliver high-impact results. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in data modeling and visualization in working on customer journey analytics at EY. I know that my technical proficiency in SQL/Python and my analytical approach align with what it takes to succeed at the Studio+ - Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) Developer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller