Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist, Core Data - PhD (2026) opportunity with Figma. I am interested in this opportunity because of Figma's commitment to building the foundational platforms that empower teams to design and collaborate in real-time. What interests me about working for Figma is its unique approach to embedding AI into the creative workflow, which inspires me because of my own passion for building systems that make data-driven decision-making more accessible. I believe my expertise in rigorous experimentation and my ability to build scalable data pipelines would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on statistical integrity and actionable impact. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I designed and executed A/B tests for digital marketing campaigns, applying statistical modeling to isolate audience response and providing the evidence needed to optimize spend, which resulted in a 300% increase in revenue for targeted segments. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist, Core Data - PhD (2026) role at Figma would allow me to bring my experimentation framework skills to help craft how you measure AI-powered features. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my data infrastructure skills. I architected a production-grade ELT pipeline in Python and SQL, utilizing dbt and BigQuery to ensure data quality and reliability. By automating data validation with Great Expectations and building robust star schemas, I ensured that business stakeholders had a 'single source of truth' for strategic decisions. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in causal inference and machine learning applications in working on the foundational platforms at Figma. I know that my analytical rigor and technical execution align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Scientist, Core Data - PhD (2026) role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller