Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Strategy & Analytics, Product Senior Lead opportunity with Faire. I am interested in this opportunity because of Faire’s mission to level the playing field for local entrepreneurs by using data-driven insights to transform the fragmented wholesale market. What interests me about working for Faire is its commitment to empowering independent retailers, which resonates with me as someone who thrives on building tools that drive tangible community growth. I believe my advanced analytical rigor and my cross-functional leadership skills would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems through a first-principles lens to deliver scalable solutions. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in client acquisition and developed time-series models to segment high-value customers. This led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months by enabling the marketing team to target resources with precision. Ultimately, I know that the Strategy & Analytics, Product Senior Lead role at Faire would allow me to bring my experience in hypothesis testing and KPI definition to drive the strategic roadmap. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my strategic problem-solving skills. I owned the reporting infrastructure and collaborated across departments to automate workflows, which saved 8 hours per week and allowed for a 25% increase in team efficiency. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL, Python, and business intuition to work on mission-critical projects at Faire. I know that my analytical foundation and passion for operational excellence align with what it takes to succeed at the Strategy & Analytics, Product Senior Lead role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller