Hiring Manager, JetBlue, New York, NY. Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq opportunity with JetBlue. I am interested in this opportunity because of my passion for data-driven customer loyalty and JetBlue’s reputation for disrupting the travel industry with a customer-centric focus. What interests me about working for JetBlue is its mission to inspire humanity through a culture of Safety, Caring, and Integrity; this commitment to excellence aligns with my professional values. I believe my expertise in advanced data analytics and my cross-functional collaboration skills would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex performance data into actionable growth strategies. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and time-series models to identify high-value customer segments, which informed targeted marketing initiatives and contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months. This result mirrors the growth-focused nature of the Senior Analyst position at JetBlue. Ultimately, I know that the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq role at JetBlue would allow me to bring my proficiency in SQL and Python to support acquisition targets. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst and Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my business case and forecasting skills. I led the creation of operational SOPs and performance reports that reduced bottlenecks by 25%, proving my ability to manage complex project workflows. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in campaign measurement and ROI analysis in working on acquisition channels at JetBlue. I know that my technical analytical skill set and my ability to partner with cross-functional teams align with what it takes to succeed at the Senior Analyst Loyalty CoBrand Acq role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller