Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Meter Data Analyst opportunity with Veolia | North America. I am interested in this opportunity because of Veolia’s reputation as a leader in sustainable resource management and its critical role in providing essential water and waste services to municipalities. What interests me about working for Veolia is its commitment to environmental stewardship and operational excellence; this mission inspires me because I am passionate about using data to drive sustainability and efficiency. I believe my expertise in advanced statistical modeling and my ability to translate complex data into actionable operational insights would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on data-driven optimization. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive Power BI dashboards and time-series models to identify high-value customer segments, which informed marketing initiatives that contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Meter Data Analyst role at Veolia would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to the diagnostic analysis of meter consumption and maintenance patterns. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my process automation skills. I automated client onboarding workflows using Zapier, which saved 8 hours of manual labor per week and reallocated resources toward high-impact growth areas. This same dedication to process improvement and data consistency is what I intend to bring to your Metering and Systems Maintenance teams. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL and Python in working on the prediction of asset failure at Veolia. I know that my technical proficiency in database management and my knack for statistical problem-solving align with what it takes to succeed in the Meter Data Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller