Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist, Product Analytics opportunity with Meta. I am interested in this opportunity because Meta’s commitment to building immersive, global social technologies aligns with my passion for leveraging data to solve complex, human-centric problems. What interests me about working for Meta is its industry-leading approach to large-scale experimentation and product intuition, which inspires me because it mirrors my own philosophy of using rigorous data analysis to drive product strategy and user growth. I believe my expertise in end-to-end ETL pipeline development and my proficiency in statistical modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into actionable product roadmaps. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in client acquisition and designed a data-driven model to segment high-value customers; this approach led to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months, directly impacting our bottom line. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role at Meta would allow me to bring my data storytelling skills to influence product investment decisions. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my forecasting and automation skills. I developed time-series models to identify high-value segments and automated onboarding workflows that saved 8 hours of operational time per week. These experiences allowed me to refine my ability to turn raw data into strategic insights that scale. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and A/B testing in working on the family of applications at Meta. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to ethical AI practices align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller