Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology opportunity with the New York City Department of Housing Preservation & Development. I am interested in this opportunity because of HPD’s critical mission to maintain resident safety and its commitment to utilizing data-driven strategies to improve housing affordability and neighborhood strength. What interests me about working for HPD is its focus on using performance-based indicators to inform policy and operational improvements; this proactive approach to government efficiency inspires me because it directly impacts the lives of New Yorkers in the neighborhoods I care about. I believe my expertise in advanced data visualization and my experience in cross-functional technical collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex datasets into clear, actionable operational insights. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed interactive Power BI dashboards that replaced manual reporting, which reduced data processing time by 40% and accelerated executive decision-making. This directly resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months by identifying high-value segments. Ultimately, I know that the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology role at HPD would allow me to bring my advanced dashboarding skills to the vital reporting functions of the Office of Enforcement and Neighborhood Services. Additionally, my role as a Data Analytics Fellow at COOP Careers enabled me to develop my data storytelling and collaborative skills. During this time, I analyzed a 250K+ row dataset to identify demographic and geographic patterns, delivering a report that translated complex statistical insights into concrete recommendations for city safety initiatives. This project resulted in actionable strategies that enhanced the agency's ability to drive data-informed decision-making. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my SQL and BI platform expertise in working on enhancing HPD’s data culture at HPD. I know that my technical proficiency and collaborative mindset align with what it takes to succeed in the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller