Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the MI and Analytics Analyst opportunity with Starr. I am interested in this opportunity because of Starr's reputation as a global leader in commercial insurance and its commitment to fostering an entrepreneurial culture that empowers data-driven decision-making. What interests me about working for Starr is its unique approach to balancing a century of expertise with a forward-thinking, innovation-first mindset, which inspires me as an analyst looking to build lasting, high-impact solutions. I believe my expertise in advanced Power BI dashboarding and my background in SQL-driven data modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating technical data into actionable insights for executive stakeholders. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified that manual reporting was hindering efficiency, so I developed and deployed automated Power BI dashboards that replaced these manual processes. This initiative not only reduced data processing time by 40% but also provided leadership with real-time KPI visibility that directly accelerated decision-making processes. Ultimately, I know that the MI and Analytics Analyst role at Starr would allow me to bring my passion for process automation to the critical task of maintaining high-quality management information. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my collaboration and data reconciliation skills within the insurance sector. In that position, I worked closely with Underwriting and Product teams to align software features with business objectives, specifically optimizing relational database queries to clean and reconcile insurance testing data, which improved data accuracy by 30%. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in data modeling and performance reporting in working on portfolio management and strategic analysis at Starr. I know that my proficiency in Python and SQL and my proven ability to communicate complex insights to non-technical audiences align with what it takes to succeed at the MI and Analytics Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller