Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Stealth Startup. I am interested in this opportunity because of your mission to empower organizations with predictive foresight through high-fidelity simulation engines. What interests me about working for Stealth Startup is your commitment to velocity, ownership, and tackling 'impossible' data challenges, which resonates deeply with my experience building production-grade infrastructure. I believe my expertise in architecting end-to-end ELT pipelines and my proficiency in data quality automation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on both engineering rigor and actionable outcomes. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I developed a production-grade system using Python, Airflow, and dbt to ingest complex economic indicators into BigQuery. I implemented automated validation via Great Expectations and a robust CI/CD workflow, which directly improved analyst query performance and data reliability. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Stealth Startup would allow me to bring my experience in building scalable ingestion pipelines to power your simulation engine. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my skills in bridging the gap between raw data and usable software features. I collaborated with stakeholders to synchronize data across relational databases and APIs, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly supported front-end feature development. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in managing heterogeneous data sources to work on data acquisition and enrichment at Stealth Startup. I know that my expertise in data infrastructure and my passion for data quality align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller