Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer Lead- PMS & QA opportunity with CooperSurgical. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to providing life-changing fertility and women’s healthcare solutions, a mission that requires the highest standard of data integrity and quality oversight. What interests me about working for CooperSurgical is your focus on enabling patients to experience life's beautiful moments, which inspires me to apply my analytical background to the critical domain of post-market surveillance. I believe my expertise in data pipeline development and my proficiency in data visualization would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex data challenges with a focus on accuracy and regulatory compliance. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I worked closely with stakeholders to validate data across relational systems, improving data accuracy by 60% while ensuring the datasets directly supported product development and quality requirements. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer Lead- PMS & QA role at CooperSurgical would allow me to bring my advanced SQL and Power BI skills to support your Complaint Management and Quality Assurance activities. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my process improvement skills. I identified and corrected operational inefficiencies that drove a 40% improvement in performance, a mindset I look forward to applying to the trending and reporting processes within your QA function. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my experience in building robust data architectures in working on critical post-market documentation at CooperSurgical. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to quality align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer Lead- PMS & QA role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller