Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Sr. Tax Analyst, State and Local Tax Audit opportunity with Amazon. I am interested in this opportunity because of Amazon’s commitment to leveraging innovative technology to solve complex, large-scale financial challenges. What interests me about working for Amazon is its data-driven approach to tax strategy and process improvement, which inspires me because it aligns with my passion for building automated, scalable analytical solutions. I believe my expertise in advanced data automation and my analytical approach to compliance and audit-ready reporting would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing data integrity and process efficiency. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a gap in data reporting that resulted in mismatches; I built an automated Python-based pipeline to consolidate POS and CRM data, which eliminated manual entry and improved reporting accuracy by 40%. Ultimately, I know that the Sr. Tax Analyst, State and Local Tax Audit role at Amazon would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Python to support your tax audit matters and information document request processes. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst and Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. I led efforts to standardize organizational KPIs and data governance, which became the "single source of truth" for stakeholders. This resulted in a consistent audit-ready environment that reduced report discrepancies across the company. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in data pipeline architecture and analytical reporting in working on state and local tax audit initiatives at Amazon. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to operational excellence align with what it takes to succeed at the Sr. Tax Analyst, State and Local Tax Audit role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller