Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the MIS / Executive Operations Analyst (Part-Time) opportunity with Kneetoes. I am interested in this opportunity because of your company's rapid expansion into the U.S. market and the need for a data-driven approach to scaling operations. What interests me about working for Kneetoes is your innovative approach to the footwear and fashion industry, which intrigues me because of the potential to marry creative product growth with rigorous analytical infrastructure. I believe my advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets and my experience in executive-level reporting would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career, I have approached problems by automating manual workflows to ensure the highest level of reporting accuracy. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a need for more robust sales tracking; I built Python-automated ingestion pipelines and refined complex Excel dashboards to track weekly sales and CRM data. This resulted in saving 8 hours per week and provided leadership with a 'single source of truth' that informed critical growth strategies. Ultimately, I know that the MIS / Executive Operations Analyst role at Kneetoes would allow me to bring my data automation expertise to help streamline your inventory tracking and performance metrics. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication skills. I frequently translated complex technical findings into business recommendations for leadership, bridging the gap between raw data and actionable strategy. This experience ensures I can reliably support your executive team with the detailed insights needed to scale effectively. I am excited by the opportunity to use my analytical problem-solving skills in working on inventory tracking and performance reporting at Kneetoes. I know that my technical proficiency in data management and my dedication to operational organization align with what it takes to succeed at the MIS / Executive Operations Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller