Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Analyst, Commerce - CNN Data Analytics, Science & Insights opportunity with CNN. I am interested in this opportunity because of CNN's role as a leader in the global digital revolution and its unique position at the intersection of media and commerce. What interests me about working for CNN is its commitment to data-driven storytelling and its rapid digital transformation, which inspires me because I am passionate about using technical insights to bridge the gap between content and consumer behavior. I believe my expertise in building automated data pipelines and my ability to translate complex statistical models into actionable business strategies would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on the 'single source of truth' to align cross-functional goals. In fact, at Shine Masters, I implemented new data governance frameworks and automated reporting systems that eliminated manual data entry. By applying rigorous statistical modeling to identify high-value customer segments, I was able to inform marketing initiatives that drove a 300% increase in revenue within targeted segments over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Analyst, Commerce role at CNN would allow me to bring my proficiency in SQL and Python to drive user conversion and optimize commerce initiatives. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my affiliate and commerce analytics skills. I designed and executed A/B tests to measure audience response and lift, using statistical significance to optimize marketing spend and content performance. This experience allowed me to provide the evidence-based recommendations needed to scale successful campaigns. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and BigQuery in working on commerce data optimization at CNN. I know that my technical versatility and analytical mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Analyst, Commerce role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller