Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Sr. Client Support Analyst opportunity with DoubleVerify. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep commitment to bridging the gap between technical troubleshooting and client success. What interests me about working for DoubleVerify is its status as the definitive source of transparency in the digital advertising ecosystem; your focus on empowering publishers to monetize content while maintaining data-driven quality resonates with my background in high-impact data analysis. I believe my advanced data modeling skills and my experience managing complex technical escalations would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career, I have approached problems by focusing on root-cause analysis rather than just surface-level symptoms. In fact, at Shine Masters, when faced with inconsistent reporting across departments, I built a custom ETL pipeline and standardized KPIs that served as the 'single source of truth' for the company. By automating the ingestion of POS and CRM data, I saved the team 8 hours per week and increased reporting accuracy, allowing stakeholders to make faster, informed strategic decisions. Ultimately, I know that the Sr. Client Support Analyst role at DoubleVerify would allow me to bring my passion for documentation and process improvement to your Publisher Client Services team. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my technical troubleshooting skills. I collaborated with a 14-person team to optimize complex relational database queries, which directly improved testing data accuracy by 60% and supported the delivery of production-ready code that increased feature adoption. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python, SQL, and data-driven client support in working on complex SaaS platform issues at DoubleVerify. I know that my analytical instincts and my ability to create scalable playbooks align with what it takes to succeed at the Sr. Client Support Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller