Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Systems Analyst opportunity with Jobs via Dice. I am interested in this opportunity because of the focus on driving scalable, well-governed digital solutions for Store Development and Construction—a domain where efficiency directly impacts large-scale organizational outcomes. What interests me about working with CTC USA, LLC is its commitment to operational excellence through robust systems and cross-functional partnership; your reliance on data-driven decision-making through Power Platform and reporting tools resonates with my background as a technical analyst. I believe my expertise in automating complex workflows and my rigorous approach to data governance and system documentation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by identifying manual bottlenecks and building scalable, automated solutions. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed Power BI and custom automation workflows that replaced manual reporting, which resulted in a 40% improvement in efficiency and 8 hours of time saved per week. This experience directly translates to the need for managing intake-to-delivery processes and maintaining reliable systems at CTC. Ultimately, I know that the Business Systems Analyst role at Jobs via Dice would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Power Platform to streamline your construction projects and reporting. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication skills. I frequently translated complex technical findings into actionable business recommendations, facilitating cross-functional alignment and securing approval for new data governance frameworks. This ability to bridge the gap between technical execution and business strategy will allow me to effectively manage the project intake and UAT processes required for this role. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in automation and reporting in working on M365 and ACC platforms at CTC. I know that my technical versatility and commitment to documentation align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller