Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Business Analyst opportunity with Judi Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Judi Health’s commitment to rebuilding trust in the U.S. healthcare system through the scalability and security of the Judi® platform. What interests me about working for Judi Health is its mission-driven approach to automating clinical workflows and improving the member experience, which excites me as someone who thrives on building efficient, data-backed solutions. I believe my technical proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in collaborative product development would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my career, I have approached complex problems by bridging the gap between technical infrastructure and operational needs. For example, at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with a 14-person product team to streamline software development workflows and optimize database queries, which improved data accuracy by 60% and directly supported downstream analytics. Ultimately, I know that the Business Analyst role at Judi Health would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to your product roadmap. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my stakeholder management skills. In that capacity, I translated complex technical findings into actionable business recommendations and standardized organizational KPIs to create a 'single source of truth' for stakeholders, which resulted in a 300% increase in revenue for targeted customer segments. I am excited by the opportunity to use my data modeling and pipeline automation skills in working on the product roadmap at Judi Health. I know that my background in SQL/Python development and my experience working in Agile, cross-functional teams align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller