Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Associate, Tech Engineer opportunity with KPMG US. I am interested in this opportunity because of KPMG’s reputation for driving innovation through its Digital Nexus organization and its commitment to integrating cutting-edge AI into professional services. What interests me about working for KPMG is its culture of continuous learning and its focus on developing robust, GenAI-enabled solutions that deliver real results for clients. I believe my expertise in building scalable data pipelines and my ability to synthesize complex technical requirements would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by focusing on the intersection of automation and business value. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a gap in reporting efficiency and built an automated Python-based data ingestion pipeline that replaced manual, error-prone workflows. By standardizing these data flows, I improved reporting accuracy and saved my team 8 hours per week, allowing for faster, data-driven strategic decisions. Ultimately, I know that the Associate, Tech Engineer role at KPMG would allow me to bring my proficiency in Python and SQL to support the build and configuration of GenAI-enabled applications. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my model-oriented thinking and cross-functional communication skills. I designed and executed A/B tests for digital marketing campaigns, translating statistical evidence into optimized marketing spend and a 300% revenue increase in targeted segments. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in pipeline architecture and automation in working on GenAI service integration at KPMG. I know that my strong foundation in engineering and my commitment to technical documentation align with what it takes to succeed at the Associate, Tech Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller