Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Sr. Compensation Analyst (Hybrid, NYC) opportunity with OpenTable. I am interested in this opportunity because of OpenTable’s position as a global leader in the hospitality industry and its commitment to a data-driven culture that empowers its employees to thrive. What interests me about working for OpenTable is its focus on hospitality as a core value, which inspires me because I am passionate about creating systems that support people in their professional growth and long-term success. I believe my advanced data modeling skills and my experience in building automated analytical frameworks would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex, raw data into strategic business recommendations that drive organizational efficiency. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed statistical models to identify high-value customer segments and standardized KPIs across the organization to replace manual, error-prone processes. By creating a 'single source of truth' for business stakeholders, I reduced report discrepancies and allowed leadership to make data-backed decisions that fueled a 300% revenue increase in targeted segments. Ultimately, I know that the Sr. Compensation Analyst role at OpenTable would allow me to bring my proficiency in Advanced Excel and SQL modeling to support the administration of your global compensation programs. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my stakeholder management skills. I regularly translated complex technical findings from Python automation and Power BI workflows into business strategy for executive meetings, ensuring that technical outputs were directly aligned with high-level organizational goals. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in data engineering and financial modeling to support OpenTable’s pay-for-performance culture. I know that my analytical precision and communication skills align with what it takes to succeed at the Sr. Compensation Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller