Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the MIS / Executive Operations Analyst (Part-Time) opportunity with Kneetoes. I am interested in this opportunity because of Kneetoes' impressive growth trajectory and the clear need for rigorous, data-driven operational support as you scale into the U.S. market. What interests me about working for Kneetoes is your innovative approach to the fashion industry; your commitment to establishing a firm foothold in a competitive landscape intrigues me because I thrive in fast-paced environments where operational efficiency directly influences business outcomes. I believe my advanced proficiency in Excel and data-driven problem-solving skills would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw data into actionable executive strategy. In fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I identified a need for more robust reporting and created automated workflows that replaced manual processes, ultimately driving a 300% increase in revenue for targeted customer segments and saving 8 hours per week in reporting time. This experience directly translates to the inventory tracking and performance reporting requirements at Kneetoes. Ultimately, I know that the MIS / Executive Operations Analyst role at Kneetoes would allow me to bring my mastery of Pivot Tables and complex formulas to your daily inventory and sales reporting. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my systems-organization skills. I managed the end-to-end data governance framework, which reduced reporting discrepancies and provided a 'single source of truth' for leadership, ensuring that every strategic decision was backed by verified, accurate metrics. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python automation and data visualization in working on building out your internal dashboards at Kneetoes. I know that my analytical precision and technical versatility align with what it takes to succeed in this role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller