Hiring Manager, Jobs via Dice, Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Jobs via Dice. I am interested in this opportunity because the description aligns perfectly with my hands-on experience in building and optimizing data pipelines and my passion for leveraging cloud technologies to drive business insights. What interests me about working for Apex Systems is their reputation as a world-class IT services company that values innovation and continuous learning excites inspires intrigues me because I thrive in environments that encourage professional growth and collaboration. I believe my proficiency in Python and SQL and my experience with data modeling and transformation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a results-oriented and detail-focused mindset. In fact, in my FRED Economic Batch Pipeline project, I ingested Federal Reserve economic data from the FRED API into Google BigQuery using Python, Airflow, dbt, and GCS, modeling raw API data into a dbt star schema. This project also involved automating data quality validation with Great Expectations and deploying a CI/CD pipeline via GitHub Actions. The result was a production-grade ELT pipeline that reduced analyst query time through BigQuery partitioning and clustering. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Jobs via Dice would allow me to bring my Python and SQL expertise to designing, implementing, and optimizing data ingestion, transformation, and orchestration workflows. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my operational efficiency and leadership skills. I automated recurring business operations and reporting workflows using workflow automation tools, reducing manual tasks by 30% and freeing team capacity for higher-value work. This directly contributed to a 40% improvement in operational efficiency. I'm excited by the opportunity to use my data modeling and ELT pipeline design skills in working on scalable ETL/ELT pipelines across AWS, Google Cloud Platform, and Azure at Jobs via Dice. I know that my strong Python and SQL skills and my proven track record in data engineering align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller