hiring manager New York City Police Department 1 Police Plaza, New York, NY 10038 dear hiring manager i am excited to submit my application for the DATA ANALYST opportunity with New York City Police Department. i am interested in this opportunity because of the NYPD's critical mission to enhance the quality of life in New York City and foster a safe and fair city. what interests me about working for the New York City Police Department is its commitment to transparency and the expeditious resolution of cases excites inspires intrigues me because it aligns with my passion for using data to drive impactful and equitable outcomes. i believe my strong Power BI and Tableau experience and my proficiency in SQL and Python ETL would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a focus on transforming complex data into actionable insights. in fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows that replaced manual reporting, reducing data mismatches and improving work efficiency by 40%. this directly translated to faster strategic decisions and a more reliable 'single source of truth' for all business stakeholders. ultimately i know that the DATA ANALYST role at New York City Police Department would allow me to bring my expertise in developing and maintaining Power BI dashboards and reporting to support the Department's goals regarding transparency and the expeditious resolution of cases. additionally my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my data storytelling skills. I translated complex technical findings into clear business recommendations during stakeholder meetings, closing the gap between raw data and growth strategy. i’m excited by the opportunity to use my proficiency in SQL and Python ETL in working on trend analysis and assisting the DAO in conducting research, investigations, and the design and execution of future database projects at New York City Police Department. i know that my Power BI and Tableau experience and my SQL and Python ETL skills align with what it takes to succeed at the DATA ANALYST role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon. warm regards Justin Miller