Dear Hiring Manager,

i am excited to submit my application for the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology (DMT) opportunity with the NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development. i am interested in this opportunity because HPD's mission to promote quality and affordability in New York City's housing resonates deeply with my desire to leverage data for public good. what interests me about working for the NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development is its approach to maintaining building and resident safety and health through data-driven initiatives excites inspires intrigues me because I believe robust data analysis and accessible reporting are crucial for achieving these vital goals.

i believe my strong technical and analytic skills and my experience in developing and maintaining dashboards would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a focus on translating complex data into actionable insights. in fact, at Shine Masters Cleaning Services, I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual reporting, which reduced data mismatches and improved work efficiency by 40%. this led to a significant increase in operational effectiveness and the ability to make faster strategic decisions.

ultimately i know that the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology (DMT) role at NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development would allow me to bring my dashboard development and data analysis expertise to developing and maintaining dashboards that deliver critical insights into ENS operations and outcomes. additionally my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my stakeholder communication skills. I regularly translated complex technical findings into business recommendations during stakeholder meetings, effectively closing the gap between raw data and growth strategy and ensuring cross-functional alignment.

i’m excited by the opportunity to use my skills in working on leading special projects focused on analyzing data pertinent to ENS programs at NYC Department of Housing Preservation & Development. i know that my robust Power BI and dashboard experience and my stakeholder communication skills align with what it takes to succeed at the Business Intelligence Analyst for the Division of Data Management and Technology (DMT) role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail.

thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon.

Warm regards,
Justin Miller