Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Stealth Startup. I am interested in this opportunity because of your commitment to building mission-driven, high-impact simulations that provide invaluable foresight. What interests me about working for Stealth Startup is your focus on ownership and velocity in a small, talented team; this environment is exactly where I thrive, as I am energized by tackling complex challenges that push conventional limits. I believe my expertise in building end-to-end production data pipelines and my deep proficiency in data quality automation would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on data integrity and scalability. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I developed an ELT architecture using Airflow, dbt, and BigQuery to ingest and model complex economic signals, incorporating Great Expectations to ensure data quality at every stage. This resulted in a robust, automated infrastructure that significantly reduced analyst query times. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Stealth Startup would allow me to bring my ELT pipeline design expertise to your data acquisition and enrichment infrastructure. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my skills in translating business objectives into production-ready data solutions. In that position, I collaborated with stakeholders to extract and clean data from REST APIs, which directly supported front-end development and drove a 15% increase in feature adoption. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in managing heterogeneous data sources to work on the complex data infrastructure that powers your simulation engine. I know that my technical stack and commitment to data excellence align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role at Stealth Startup. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration; I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller