Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Engineer opportunity with Aligned Marketplace. I am interested in this opportunity because of its mission-driven approach to reducing healthcare costs through advanced primary care. What interests me about working for Aligned Marketplace is its focus on building a high-leverage, modern data infrastructure from the ground up, which excites me because it mirrors my passion for developing clean, scalable ELT pipelines. I believe my expertise in dbt and dimensional modeling, and my experience building production-grade data infrastructure would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on automation and architectural efficiency. In fact, while building the FRED Economic Batch Pipeline, I designed a star schema in BigQuery and integrated Great Expectations for automated data quality validation. This resulted in a robust pipeline that reduced analyst query time and ensured the delivery of reliable, high-integrity data. Ultimately, I know that the Data Engineer role at Aligned Marketplace would allow me to bring my proficiency in SQL and cloud data modeling to manage your end-to-end data platform. Additionally, my role as an Analytics & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my skills in translating complex operational requirements into actionable data systems. I identified revenue and expense inefficiencies by constructing a custom BI system, which drove a 40% improvement in operational efficiency. I am excited by the opportunity to use my Python and orchestration skills in working on complex identity and infrastructure puzzles at Aligned Marketplace. I know that my technical background and my commitment to data quality align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Engineer role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller