Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Financial & Credit Analytics Analyst opportunity with Gynger. I am interested in this opportunity because of Gynger’s unique position at the intersection of embedded financing and B2B technology. What interests me about working for Gynger is its innovative approach to optimizing cash flows for vendors and customers alike, which inspires me because it solves a critical friction point in the modern tech ecosystem. I believe my advanced proficiency in SQL and Python and my experience in credit risk modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating raw, complex datasets into actionable financial insights. In fact, while completing a lending risk portfolio analysis on a 2M+ row dataset, I designed a sophisticated PostgreSQL data model and utilized Python to perform exploratory data analysis to identify high-risk borrower segments. This enabled the identification of key delinquency drivers, which resulted in a more robust framework for risk-adjusted lending decisions. Ultimately, I know that the Financial & Credit Analytics Analyst role at Gynger would allow me to bring my data modeling expertise to credit approval and portfolio monitoring processes. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my financial reporting and automation skills. I built interactive Power BI dashboards and streamlined intake workflows using Zapier, which reduced data processing time by 40% and improved KPI visibility for executive decision-making. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in SQL and data pipeline construction in working on investor reporting and debt facility compliance at Gynger. I know that my technical versatility and my builder's mindset align with what it takes to succeed in the Financial & Credit Analytics Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller