Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Strategy & Ops Associate opportunity with LinkedIn. I am interested in this opportunity because of LinkedIn’s mission to create economic opportunity and its commitment to fostering an innovative culture that values trust and agility. What interests me about working for LinkedIn is its focus on leveraging AI to transform the global workforce, which inspires me because I am passionate about building automated systems that drive real-world business scale. I believe my background in data-driven process optimization and my experience in cross-functional strategy would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating ambiguous data into actionable commercial strategy. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in our customer acquisition workflow; I designed and implemented an automated intake system using Zapier and SQL, which reduced processing time by 40% and directly contributed to a 300% increase in new customer acquisition. Ultimately, I know that the Strategy & Ops Associate role at LinkedIn would allow me to bring my expertise in workflow automation to the GTM Commercial Operations team. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies (MassMutual) enabled me to develop my cross-functional project management skills. I collaborated with underwriting and product teams to integrate disparate data sources, resulting in a 25% reduction in project delivery delays and ensuring high data integrity for critical business decisions. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my analytical mindset in working on complex, high-priority strategic problems at LinkedIn. I know that my proficiency in SQL and Advanced Excel, paired with my bias for action, align with what it takes to succeed in the Strategy & Ops Associate role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller