Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Software Engineer - Full Stack opportunity with Grow Therapy. I am interested in this opportunity because of your mission to fix the fragmented mental healthcare system through scalable, technology-driven solutions. What interests me about working for Grow Therapy is your status as a generational company that values data-backed clinical outcomes, which intrigues me because of my own background in engineering data-intensive systems that solve real-world problems. I believe my expertise in full-stack Python development and my data-engineering background would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by prioritizing clean, maintainable, and user-centric code. In fact, at Haven Technologies, I collaborated with cross-functional product teams to translate user feedback into production features, which resulted in a 15% increase in feature adoption. Ultimately, I know that the Software Engineer - Full Stack role at Grow Therapy would allow me to bring my backend API expertise to building the next generation of your provider-client platform. Additionally, my role as a Full-Stack Software Developer at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my React and TypeScript skills while synchronizing data across complex systems. By using SQL to validate data across relational databases and REST APIs, I improved overall system data accuracy by 60%, a skill set I look forward to applying to your platform's scaling challenges. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in testing and CI/CD automation in working on core platform systems at Grow Therapy. I know that my technical versatility and product-minded approach align with what it takes to succeed at the Software Engineer - Full Stack role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller