Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Analyst – Operational Strategy & Alignment opportunity with LTIM. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep commitment to bridging the gap between technical data insights and actionable business strategy. What interests me about working for LTIM is its focus on driving operational excellence for complex clients, which inspires me because I thrive in environments where data-driven narrative building directly shapes organizational success. I believe my proficiency in executive-level storytelling and my experience in building robust operational reporting would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex data into clear, persuasive narratives. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a need for better operational visibility and transformed manual reporting into automated Power BI dashboards and executive slide decks. This initiative provided leadership with a 'single source of truth' that reduced report discrepancies and directly informed the strategic marketing initiatives that drove a 300% revenue increase in my targeted segment. Ultimately, I know that the Analyst – Operational Strategy & Alignment role at LTIM would allow me to bring my expertise in data visualization and narrative presentation to key responsibilities like supporting dashboard creation and crafting leadership readouts. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my process documentation skills. I standardized KPIs and organizational data frameworks, which meant creating the very documentation and process standards needed for long-term scalability. By translating raw data into coherent business updates, I ensured that team leads were always equipped with the most accurate, decision-ready information. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my data-pulling and presentation expertise in working on high-stakes leadership readouts at LTIM. I know that my background in technical automation and my ability to build executive-ready materials align with what it takes to succeed at the Analyst – Operational Strategy & Alignment role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller