hiring manager New Jersey Institute of Technology NJIT Company Address dear hiring manager i am excited to submit my application for the Hourly Data Analyst - Ecohydrology Lab opportunity with New Jersey Institute of Technology. i am interested in this opportunity because of its focus on numerical modeling and exploration of complex databases, aligning perfectly with my computational background and passion for data analysis. what interests me about working for New Jersey Institute of Technology is its reputation for fostering cutting-edge research and innovation, specifically within the Biological Sciences department, excites inspires intrigues me because I am eager to apply my data analytics skills to contribute to impactful ecohydrology projects. i believe my strong Python and SQL ETL pipeline experience and my proven ability to automate data processes would make me a strong candidate for this role. during my professional career i have approached problems with a focus on efficiency and accuracy. in fact, I built Python automation for weekly sales and operations reports, ingesting POS and CRM data, eliminating repetitive data entry, saving 8 hours per week, and improving reporting accuracy for faster strategic decisions. This project also involved robust data validation, ensuring pipeline reliability and reporting accuracy. ultimately i know that the Hourly Data Analyst - Ecohydrology Lab role at New Jersey Institute of Technology would allow me to bring my automation and data pipeline expertise to the essential function of assisting with numerical modeling projects and exploring databases with complex data structures. additionally my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead at Shine Masters Cleaning Services enabled me to develop my statistical modeling and reporting skills. I created statistical models to identify high-value customer segments; targeted marketing initiatives informed by these models contributed to a 300% increase in revenue in the targeted segment over 12 months, and I developed Power BI and Looker workflows to replace manual written reporting, reducing data mismatches and improving work efficiency by 40%. i’m excited by the opportunity to use my big-data analytics capabilities in working on numerical modeling projects at New Jersey Institute of Technology. i know that my strong Python and SQL skills and my experience with big-data analytics align with what it takes to succeed at the Hourly Data Analyst - Ecohydrology Lab role. i would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to hearing from you soon. warm regards Justin Miller