Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant / Sales & Production Coordinator opportunity with Fourth Floor. I am interested in this opportunity because of the unique blend of high-level executive support and operational production management required for a growing consumer products brand. What interests me about working for Fourth Floor is its fast-paced, multi-faceted approach to consumer products, which intrigues me because of my background in supporting both creative marketing teams and bottom-line-focused operations. I believe my advanced executive calendar and project management skills and my expertise in cross-functional team coordination would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive mindset centered on process optimization. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I identified a gap in data management for sales outreach and implemented a new CRM tracking system that significantly improved reporting accuracy and team efficiency. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant / Sales & Production Coordinator role at Fourth Floor would allow me to bring my high-level organizational skills to complex production and sales timelines. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my cross-functional collaboration skills. By serving as the bridge between executive leadership, marketing, and operations, I streamlined vendor communication and internal workflow processes, leading to a more cohesive environment. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in inventory and order management in working on production timelines and licensing at Fourth Floor. I know that my strategic support background and operational focus align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant / Sales & Production Coordinator role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez