Hiring Manager, Miller Klein Group, LLC. Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant / Office Manager - C-Suite Support opportunity with Miller Klein Group, LLC. I am interested in this opportunity because of your firm's reputation for rapid growth in the consumer services industry and the high-level demand for strategic administrative partnership. What interests me about working for Miller Klein Group, LLC is its approach to scaling global operations, which intrigues me because my background is rooted in creating efficiency for fast-paced executive teams. I believe my expertise in complex multi-executive support and my proficiency in administrative software platforms would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive and thick-skinned mindset, ensuring that even under high-pressure scenarios, executive operations remain uninterrupted. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I managed the calendars and travel for the CEO, CFO, and COO simultaneously, often navigating conflicting priorities and last-minute international travel changes. This resulted in a 100% success rate in meeting coordination and improved executive scheduling efficiency. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant / Office Manager role at Miller Klein Group, LLC would allow me to bring my high-level gatekeeping and calendar management skills to support your leadership team. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my office management and expense reporting skills. I was responsible for overseeing building operations and vendor maintenance, while also managing expense documentation. This led to a 20% reduction in invoice processing time and streamlined vendor coordination for the entire executive suite. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my advanced Microsoft Office Suite and Concur proficiency in working on your executive support team at Miller Klein Group, LLC. I know that my background in supporting C-level executives and my ability to handle sensitive information with discretion align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant / Office Manager role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez