Dear Hiring Manager at S&P Global, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant opportunity with S&P Global. I am interested in this opportunity because of S&P Global's reputation for providing essential intelligence that drives global market decisions, a mission that resonates with my commitment to precision and operational excellence. What interests me about working for S&P Global is its commitment to integrity, discovery, and partnership; this culture inspires me because it mirrors the collaborative and ethical approach I have taken throughout my 10+ years of supporting C-suite leadership. I believe my advanced executive calendar management and my proficiency in driving operational efficiency would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached complex administrative problems with a proactive, anticipatory mindset. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I transformed our executive support model by implementing automated scheduling and reporting systems to support the CEO, CFO, and COO. This initiative reduced scheduling conflicts by 25% and allowed our leadership team to focus on high-level strategy rather than logistical bottlenecks. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant role at S&P Global would allow me to bring my high-level project management skills to your CERA Research and Advisory team. Additionally, my role as an Executive Assistant at Direct Clean Solutions enabled me to develop my strategic support skills. In that capacity, I managed cross-functional workflows, coordinated international travel, and prepared critical documentation, which resulted in a 30% reduction in response time for executive communications. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my proactive problem-solving in working on complex calendar management and leadership support at S&P Global. I know that my expertise in navigating matrixed environments and my dedication to detail align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez