Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Data Scientist, Product Analytics opportunity with Whatnot. I am interested in this opportunity because I am a passionate user of marketplace platforms and deeply admire Whatnot’s commitment to building a unique, community-driven livestream shopping ecosystem. What interests me about working for Whatnot is its position as the #1 Best Startup Employer and its pioneering approach to social commerce, which inspires me because of the rapid innovation required to scale such a dynamic, real-time platform. I believe my expertise in end-to-end data pipelines and my ability to derive actionable product insights would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a bias for action and a focus on measurable outcomes. In fact, at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in client onboarding and utilized Python and Zapier to automate workflows, which saved 8 hours of manual labor per week and allowed our team to refocus on high-impact customer acquisition initiatives. This resulted in a 300% increase in new customer acquisition over 12 months, a testament to how I use data to shape business strategy. Ultimately, I know that the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role at Whatnot would allow me to bring my technical proficiency in SQL and Python to drive product strategy and user engagement. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst & Operations Lead enabled me to develop my cross-functional leadership skills. I regularly collaborated with executive stakeholders to translate complex performance data into clear, intuitive Power BI dashboards that accelerated decision-making by 40%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in experimentation and causal inference in working on feature rollouts and marketplace dynamics at Whatnot. I know that my data modeling expertise and my focus on building scalable analytical tools align with what it takes to succeed at the Data Scientist, Product Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller