Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Associate, Operations Data Analytics opportunity with Oscar Health. I am interested in this opportunity because of Oscar’s reputation for using a full-stack technology platform to simplify the health insurance experience, creating a 'doctor in the family' level of care for its members. What interests me about working for Oscar is its relentless focus on member-centric operations and the commitment to driving data-informed decisions in the complex healthcare landscape. I believe my expertise in advanced SQL data modeling and my ability to translate complex technical findings into actionable business narratives would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a systematic focus on operational efficiency. In fact, while at Shine Masters, I identified a bottleneck in client onboarding and utilized Python and Zapier to automate workflows, which saved 8 hours per week and allowed the team to focus on high-value customer acquisition, resulting in a 300% increase in new customers over 12 months. Ultimately, I know that the Associate, Operations Data Analytics role at Oscar would allow me to bring my deep technical experience in SQL and data visualization to your Service Operations team. Additionally, my experience at Haven Technologies enabled me to develop my stakeholder management and presentation skills. During a critical insurance testing project, I collaborated with Underwriting and Product teams to align software features with business objectives, presenting findings to stakeholders that reduced project delivery delays by 25%. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my background in Python and data architecture in working on healthcare-specific utilization metrics at Oscar. I know that my analytical rigor and communication style align with what it takes to succeed at the Associate, Operations Data Analytics role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller