Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Sr. Analyst, Media Analytics & Attribution opportunity with NBCUniversal. I am interested in this opportunity because of NBCUniversal’s unparalleled scale in the media landscape and its commitment to driving innovation within its Decision Sciences team. What interests me about working for NBCUniversal is its culture of respect and the ambition behind the Peacock streaming service, which intrigues me because it sits at the intersection of high-stakes content creation and data-driven viewer engagement. I believe my expertise in building automated data pipelines and my experience in applied statistical modeling would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems by translating complex technical datasets into actionable business intelligence. In fact, at Shine Masters, I developed statistical models to identify high-value customer segments and automated reporting workflows to replace manual processes. The result was a 300% increase in revenue within targeted segments and a weekly savings of 8 hours, proving that I can deliver direct bottom-line impact. Ultimately, I know that the Sr. Analyst role at NBCUniversal would allow me to bring my analytical rigor to media attribution and optimization. Additionally, my role as a Data Analyst at Shine Masters enabled me to develop my experimental design skills. By designing and executing A/B tests for digital marketing campaigns, I provided the statistical evidence needed to optimize marketing spend and increase campaign ROI. I am excited by the opportunity to use my background in machine learning and SQL to work on media optimization at NBCUniversal. I know that my technical proficiency and results-oriented mindset align with what it takes to succeed at the Sr. Analyst role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Justin Miller