Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant to the CEO opportunity with Acumen. I am interested in this opportunity because I am deeply inspired by Acumen’s mission to solve the problems of poverty through moral imagination and market-based solutions. What interests me about working for Acumen is its commitment to building a world based on dignity, which resonates with my own professional values and dedication to impactful work. I believe my expertise in complex calendar management and my background in fostering high-level operational efficiency would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive, anticipatory mindset. In fact, while supporting C-level executives at Direct Clean Solutions, I managed heavy travel loads and competing meeting requests by establishing a streamlined workflow that coordinated internal stakeholders with external vendors and partners. This reduced scheduling friction significantly and ensured executives were fully briefed on high-priority client acquisitions. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant to the CEO role at Acumen would allow me to bring my mastery of complex logistics to support the CEO’s global vision. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my board-level coordination and cross-departmental communication skills. I consistently acted as a bridge between the executive office and departments like Finance and Legal, managing documentation and sensitive communications with absolute discretion and precision. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my ability to remain calm under pressure in working on the dynamic, fast-paced environment at Acumen. I know that my 11+ years of experience and my dedication to operational excellence align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant to the CEO role. I am a U.S. citizen authorized to work in the United States. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez