Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant to the Chancellor position with the Archdiocese of New York. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep respect for the mission and values of the Catholic Church and my commitment to providing the high-level, discrete, and professional support required in an ecclesiastical office. What interests me about working for your team is your approach to community stewardship and leadership, which inspires me because it aligns with my personal dedication to service-oriented, administrative excellence. I believe my 10+ years of high-level executive support and my strong ability to act as an effective liaison between diverse stakeholders would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a focus on operational efficiency and proactive resolution. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I managed complex scheduling for multiple C-suite executives while simultaneously serving as the primary point of contact for external vendors, HR inquiries, and facility management. This enabled the executive team to focus entirely on high-level business development, resulting in a 25% reduction in scheduling conflicts and increased team productivity. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant to the Chancellor role would allow me to bring my advanced calendar and operations management skills to support the Chancellor’s daily duties and long-term projects. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my cross-departmental communication skills, particularly when interfacing with CFOs and HR teams. I frequently coordinated with the Office of the CFO and HR to manage hiring pipelines and resolve complex facility compliance issues, ensuring that all internal stakeholders remained informed and supported. I am excited by the opportunity to use my bilingual English/Spanish communication skills in working on stakeholder relations at your organization. I know that my background in executive operations and my ability to maintain the highest levels of confidentiality align with what it takes to succeed as the Executive Assistant to the Chancellor. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez