Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant to Executive Team opportunity with Pocketbook Agency. I am interested in this opportunity because of the unique challenge of building an Executive Assistant function from the ground up for a growing fintech startup. What interests me about working for Pocketbook Agency is its reputation for supporting high-growth environments; the prospect of contributing to a firm that prioritizes operational excellence and strategic partnership truly intrigues me. I believe my complex calendar management and my proactive operational problem-solving would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a mindset of continuous improvement and efficiency. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I identified a bottleneck in our recruitment pipeline and implemented a new CRM tracking system to manage candidate outreach and interviews. This initiative reduced hiring friction and ensured our leadership team remained focused on key growth objectives, a skill set I am eager to apply to the fast-paced nature of your fintech startup. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant to Executive Team role at Pocketbook Agency would allow me to bring my high-level project management skills to support senior leadership in a scaling environment. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my global logistics skills. I managed end-to-end international travel, including visas and complex itinerary changes, which resulted in zero disruptions for our C-suite during international conferences. I’m excited by the opportunity to use my discretion and proficiency in Google Workspace in working on the sensitive day-to-day operations at Pocketbook Agency. I know that my executive-level support experience and my aptitude for learning new AI-driven workflows align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant to Executive Team role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez