Dear Hiring Manager, I am excited to submit my application for the Executive Assistant to the Head of Business Excellence and Head of Quality Lab-Solutions opportunity with Siemens Healthineers. I am interested in this opportunity because of my deep commitment to supporting operations that pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. What interests me about working for Siemens Healthineers is its global mission to fight threatening diseases and enable sustainable access to care; this inspires me because I am eager to apply my organizational expertise to a mission-driven, life-saving industry. I believe my extensive experience in executive operations and my talent for cross-functional collaboration would make me a strong candidate for this role. During my professional career, I have approached problems with a proactive, solution-oriented mindset. In fact, at Direct Clean Solutions, I streamlined the recruitment pipeline and managed complex facility operations by liaising between vendors and executives. This resulted in a more cohesive operational workflow and improved data accuracy for the leadership team. Ultimately, I know that the Executive Assistant role at Siemens Healthineers would allow me to bring my high-level calendar management skills to facilitate seamless coordination for your leadership team. Additionally, my role as an Executive Administrative Assistant enabled me to develop my global stakeholder communication skills. I successfully managed domestic and international travel and meeting logistics for multiple executives, often coordinating across varied schedules to ensure timely outcomes. This experience directly translates to the need for managing schedules across time zones and fostering collaboration within your global team. I am excited by the opportunity to use my discretion and attention to detail in working on critical business excellence initiatives at Siemens Healthineers. I know that my background in executive support and my ability to manage multiple competing priorities align with what it takes to succeed at the Executive Assistant role. I would love the opportunity to discuss the role in more detail. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Warm regards, Millieann Velez